Turkish Leader’s Son Launches Twitter Rival
The son of Turkish Prime Minister Recep Erdogan launched a new social media startup today that hopes to compete with Twitter, which was recently blocked in the country. Cıvıltı, which means “chirp” in Turkish, looks and functions almost exactly like Twitter. It allows users to post messages of up to 140 characters in length, share photos and videos, and follow other users’ activity in their home feeds. The upstart site, which is based in the posh Istanbul neighborhood of Etiler, even copies the visual style of its more famous competitor, right down to the sky-blue bird logo. However, Cıvıltı isn’t affiliated with Twitter. Rather it’s backed by Ahmet Erdogan, the son of the nation’s longtime prime minister, and it is marketed as a homegrown alternative to the American-based service. The new venture couldn’t have launched at a more propitious time. Last month the government, led by Ahmet's father, Recep Erdogan, banned Twitter and YouTube for several weeks after videos showing alleged corruption in his administration were circulated on the social media sites. Turkey’s highest courts later invalidated the ban on Twitter, but left the one on YouTube in place. Uncertainty still lingers over the future of both services in this country of 74 million people. “I can guarantee that Cıvıltı will never be blocked by the government,” boasts Ahmet Erdogan in an exclusive interview. “The problem with Twitter is that it’s often difficult to access in Turkey. Cıvıltı eliminates that problem. It works just like Twitter, but will never, ever go down.” Turkey’s ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) has been rocked by an ongoing corruption scandal which first broke in December 2013 when several government officials and three sons of government ministers were arrested on bribery, money laundering, fraud and smuggling charges. Some of the government’s harshest critics may see echoes of this corruption in Cıvıltı, which seeks to profit off of decisions made at the highest levels of the Turkish government. Ahmet himself, however, dismisses such criticism. “I’m not dependent on my father," he declared. ”I’m an entrepreneur. My goal is become the next Steve Jobs.”GOP Releases App to Help Republicans Find Black Friends
In an effort to reach out to minority communities, the Republican National Committee released an iPhone and Android application today that helps its members find new black and Latino friends. The new app - named Darkbuddy - accesses your Facebook social graph and searches friends-of-friends and their friends for minorities. It then presents a list of potential new "buddies" to the user and encourages them to make contact.  Chris Terreblanche, Chief Diversity Officer for the Republican Party explains the app is designed to improve communication between Republicans and minorities: "Darkbuddy is part of the GOP's cutting edge social media strategy. We want to start a conversation with the Afro-Americans and the Mexicans. We saw the election result. We recognize our brand is suffering. So lets talk about it." "Let's show minorities that we're not just a faceless agglomeration of retrograde, racially insensitive policies. We're a group of patriotic Americans trying to do what's best for everybody." Why Can't We Be Friends?  Darkbuddy was released last night on the iTunes and Google Play stores. So far it has received an astounding 20,000 downloads, mostly from core GOP supporters in southern states. Despite the app's instant success, reports have been flooding in  from minorities across the country who disapprove of its tactics: Devall Jones, a black graphic designer from Brooklyn, NY says he's not a fan of the application: "Yeah I got this random message from some white guy in Alabama. He apologized for slavery, and then he tried to convince me that Obama is worse than slavery. Whatever." Michael Peterson, a equities analyst from Connecticut, had a similar reaction: "Somebody sent me a message yesterday saying he could get me a job at a Christian book store in Kentucky so I could get off welfare. I don't know what the hell he's talking about. I went to Andover and Tufts and work at a hedge fund." Sue Jackson, an unemployed cashier from Detroit, MI had an even worse experience: "I signed into Facebook and some Confederate-looking mutherfucker messaged me with an invite to a gun rally. I said to myself 'Hello No!? There ain't no way I'm standing in a field full of pissed-off Southern white people with assault rifles. I've seen that movie before. The black chick fucking dies. " Notwithstanding the criticism, RNC chair Reince Priebus defends the controversial application as a vital outreach tool: "In the last election we lost the youth vote and the minority vote. Darkbuddy kills two birds with one stone."  County Fair Sheep Tests Positive For Anthrax
Below the soft, puffy, huggable exterior of Wooly Bully, the prize winning sheep at this year’s Kankakee, Illinois county fair, lurked a dangerous and life threatening agent of death.Raised by Ricky Henderson as a 4-H project, the former lamb was a kind and gentle playmate, not only for 11-year-old Ricky, but also for his younger brother, 8-year-old Todd.  If they survive, it is the hospital staff’s sad duty to inform them that they are now orphans.  The youngster’s parents succumbed to the deadly anthrax bacterium days ago.Both boys now cling to life, placed in a medically induced coma and isolated far away in the Acute Care and Infectious Disease Wing of Riverside Medical Group, located not far from the gently flowing Kankanee River.“Oh, it’s definitely anthrax poisoning,” said Dr. Harriet Durville, infectious disease specialist.  “Let’s not forget this is essentially a bacterial disease transmitted by animals.  Filthy, disgusting, smelly animals that humans choose to come into contact with.  ‘Dogs are pets, not sheep,’ I tell all my patients.”Word travels quickly in this closely-knit, northern Illinois city of roughly 27,000.  “It’s just so sad,” said Milly Jacobsen, bank teller.  “We all watched Ricky raise that sheep from when it was born, and now, … if I had only known, I would have slit its throat during the night a long time ago and no one would have been the wiser!  Such a shame,” she added.Hundred of fairgoers have streamed into nearby clinics, complaining of symptoms of anthrax infection:  fever, chills, blisters, nausea and vomiting, head and body aches being the most common ailments.  “Most of the cases are just psychosomatic,” said Dr. Durville.  “People are just panicked.  After they hear that a simple antibiotic shot or 3 days of pills can clear up any complications, they relax about it.”Naturally occurring animal-to-human anthrax disease rarely infects mass numbers of victims, whereas the deliberate malicious release of the bacterium for terroristic purposes can infect many at one time.  “There’s a fear factor involved,” said Durville.  “The bio-terrorists have really put a bad name on anthrax,” she added.“Remember when people were afraid to open their mail?  That’s going to start all over again, ‘til the next big scare comes along, probably,” Dr. Durville added.So far, the spread of the disease seems to be held in check. The National Center For Disease Control has reportedly been notified by the hospital, but doctors were informed that until the number of confirmed cases gets above 100, the CDC will not step in.“When we take those boys out of the medically induced coma we put them in and if they make it through, it’s going to be a sad day around here. I may just take that day off,” said Durville.CDC Blames Anti-Vaxxers For Massive Resurgence of Whooping Cough
Pertussis, also known as whooping cough, has made a hefty resurgence lately, infecting people on epidemic proportions.  Whooping cough, while not generally serious in adults, can be very deadly in infants and toddlers. The CDC has stated that they are blaming the anti-vaccination movement for the recent outbreaks of mumps, measles, and now Pertussis, across the United States.“It’s amazing to me, with all the scientific proof debunking the whole vaccination-causes-autism issue, and all of the other  issues people are saying vaccinations cause, that people still refuse to vaccinate their children.” Said Thomas Frieden, Director of the CDC, in a recent interview. “Herd immunity, as it were, only works when 80% of the herd is vaccinated. The less people vaccinate, the more they expose everyone.  These ‘anti-vaxxers’ need to stop living in the past, and read a science journal or book once in a while. And I don’t mean one written by Jenny McCarthy.”“The problem with vaccines is that they are made with, um… heavy metals.”  Says pop icon Adam Levine, a proponent of the anti-vaccination movement, who speaks on the topic as though he has no idea what he’s talking about.  “I don’t have kids, but if I did I would make damn sure I didn’t let a doctor stick them with that poison.  I would rather take my chances than hurt my hypothetical kids.”When asked where he got his information on the topic, which is completely made up, Levine said that he got it when he read Jenny McCarthy’s book.“It was extremely eye-opening.” Said Levine. “It kept me up at night, scared that I might have kids someday, and they might get vaccinated, and they might get autism.”“The problem I have with people reading Mrs. McCarthy’s book is that some people who read it are stupid enough to believe it. The ‘science’ she quoted was debunked years ago, and the man who did the actual ‘research’ was stripped of his licenses for falsifying his stats and making fraudulent claims.” Says Frieden.  “These people need to realize the only way to significantly deter these diseases from spreading is by vaccinating, both themselves and their children.  I am the director of the freaking CDC for crying out loud. Who should you believe? It’s my job to deter epidemics and solve any national disease-related crisis. For some reason, there are still people who choose to believe an ex-softcore porn star, with no scientific or medial training, who uses her autistic child as a scapegoat and rallying point, over me and other medical experts.”With the rise of the anti-vaxxers reaching extremely high proportions, the fright of a looming epidemic will always be on our horizons.“[Adam] Levine was right on several counts. He might have kids, and they might get autism after he possibly gets them vaccinated. Then again, on that logic, he might have kids, and they might get a splinter and he might not do anything about it and it might become infected and his child might die.” Said Frieden.  “The funny thing is, that is more likely to happen than his child having autism from vaccinations. Hopefully people will come to their senses and realize even if there were problems with the vaccines, which there aren’t,  it would be less of a risk than your child dying from some other entirely unrelated disease.”  New Public Poll Shows People Hate Public Polls
The National Public Research Center published the results of a recent poll pertaining to people’s perception of public polls.  The upshot:  84 percent of the public hates public polls.Chief Pollmistress Ann P. Davis provided details.“When we poll the population on the popularity of public polls, we purposely employ precisely one pair of pollsters,” she explained. “100 people are phone polled,” explained Davis.  “We ask if they’d like to participate.  If the answer is ‘YES,’ the response is placed in the ‘YES’ pile.  If the answer is ‘NO,’ it’s placed in the ‘NO’ pile.  If you get sworn at, hung up on, or threatened, that’s an automatic ‘NO’ so the results usually are procured in no time flat!”The findings were published in the polltaker periodical Popular Pollster, the primary publication for polling professionals.Before you say to yourself ‘I’d rather poke out my eye than do phone polling,’ – listen to how Davis makes the task fun and challenging for her staff.“We have a little competition every month.  If you get 50 out of 50 “NOs,” then you win round 1.  As a bonus, if your score comes from only hangups with no verbal interaction or threats, then we induct you into our Pollster Palace of Pride and we treat you lunch!”The perky pollster does, however, miss what she calls the ‘good poll days.’  “That’s a play on words,” she explained.  “By the way, 49 percent of people hate when other people use a play on words around them.”“Years ago,” she proceeded, “pollsters physically participated with the public – pen, pencil, pad; but with people’s faster pace, pedestrians no longer pause long enough to provide answers.”According to Davis, person-to-person polling did have a downside, though.“We used to get punched a lot,” she said.  “Literally, people would take a poke at a polltaker, no matter how polite we purported to be,” said Davis, pointing to a pill-shaped scar above her left eyebrow. “I got this from an elderly gentleman who thought I said ‘poll tax.’ I ate pavement that day, but, it’s all a part of the pollster game.  24 percent of people polled have been victims of public assaults.”“But I wouldn’t trade it for the world,” she added, glancing around the office.  “Every day’s a party!”“I DID IT!,” shouted senior poll taker Steve McNamara!  I got a 50!  BOOYAH!  FREE LUNCH! WOO HOO!” he exclaimed.“Looks like Steve wins again!” said Davis.  “He’s won 57 per cent of our contests!”An exclusive interview with Ann P. Davis will appear in the October issue of Popular Pollster.Apple Rolls Out New ‘Adult’ Emojis In Attempt to Prevent Teens from Sexting With Real Photos
In an apparent bid to stop teenage sexting, Apple plans on rolling out a new range of raunchy emojis, displaying various sex acts. The move comes after a scandal at an elementary school in Wisconsin, where nude photos of school goers landed up on Facebook, sparking shame and outcry.“It’s for the safety of the kids. As adults we know how dangerous it is for us to make compromising pictures available, but children don’t realize it could come back to haunt them,” said one Apple executive. “Since promoting abstinence has not made a significant difference, we’re now implementing new ways of practicing safe sexting.”In order to make the range as relevant as possible, the new emojis will feature, in addition to a huge variety of homo- and heterosexual acts, genitalia of three different sizes – small, medium and large.“We want them to be personal,” said project manager, Brian McAlly. “A boy with a small penis, sending to a girl with a large vagina, cannot be sending a picture of a large member penetrating a tight hole. That won’t do for him – he wants the girl to see as accurate a representation of his junk as possible, and visualize her orifice as realistically as possible.”Parents have been unanimous in their support of the move. At a recent PTA meeting at a school in New York, parental rep Molly Gingrich announced the group’s satisfaction at the development.“When I saw Jimmy’s penis on my Anna’s phone, I got the shock of my life,” she said to shouts of agreement. “He has a hideous dick, which subsequently ended up on Tumblr. And I worried that my daughter’s ugly vagina might share the same fate. It might ruin her chances of having the busy sex life I know she doesn’t deserve.”The teaching body, however, disagreed.“I’ve said it once and I’ll say it again,” principal John Skinner pronounced. “Sexting is part of regular teenage behavior. It should not be reduced into tiny representations of dirty coitus. My colleagues and I often keep tabs on the images that are making the rounds, and have seen nothing wrong in them. If anything, our students do a good job at photographing their junk from the most flattering angle possible.”At press time, parents were browsing some of the teachers’ favorites, and had agreed that actually, they can be proud of the publicity of their children’s’ genitals.New ‘Bee Tax’ on Cell Phones May Drive Landline Comeback
Recent technological reports have heralded the end of an era. There are no more payphones or dial tones, and slowly but surely, elderly landline subscribers have died off or finally learned to text. Don’t throw away your old cordless phone yet, though! Because of a hefty new “Bee Tax,” landlines may soon be making a comeback. This new environmental “protection tax” will be approximately $25 dollars per line added to your current monthly cell phone bill. It is expected to make its appearance on all U.S. cell phone carriers, after the 911 Surcharge and Federal Excise Tax, by 2015. Since the introduction of cellphones, the bee population has been on a well-documented decline. While humans can not perceive cell phone signals, communication between mobile phones and cell towers confuses bees, causing them to become disoriented. Unable to function normally, colonies of honey bees are steadily collapsing. Since honey-bees are crucial in pollination, this presents a huge problem. For some time now the USDA has denied any correlation between cell phones and bee colony collapse, but it has reached a point where farmers are seeing an impact nationwide. “It has become clear that cell-phone use needs to be limited.” Said Peter Mayer, a representative for the USDA. “Cell phone rates will go up, but we need to encourage more landline usage. Aren’t you sick of that whole ‘can you hear me now’ stuff anyway?” While landline phone stock has steadily declined on Wall Street, financial experts are now predicting a surge in value. Among other companies, Verizon, Fairpoint Communications, and even MagicJack and Vonage stocks have both gone up in demand. Roy Chestnut, chief financial officer of Verizon, reportedly has plans in motion to buy back some territory that was sold off to smaller companies in preparation of customer switching back to landline phones. The “Bee-Tax” regulation is rapidly making its way through the senate and house, and inside sources say President Obama is not expected to veto the bill. Environmentally concerned democrats and fiscally tight republicans both support the measure. “Hey, I’m for it. It will encourage competition and create jobs – and most importantly, it’ll help America’s backbone, the farmer.” Said Republican senate leader Mitch McConnel of Kentucky. “Nothing is more important to America and the future of this country than the farming industry.”When questioned about those people that would not be able to afford cell phone service if taxed an extra $25 per line, McConnel did not seem concerned. “These welfare folk and the like can just spend less money on getting their nails done, crack, and cable TV, and then they can come up with [the money]. Or they can share a landline – which was a luxury in my day and age. We definitely aren’t going to be able to fund government subsidized programs like food stamps if the honey bees done-die-out now, are we?”Camden Teenager Hospitalized With Facebook Withdrawals
Nancy Thompson, 15, was hospitalized today for severe withdrawal symptoms caused by her parents taking away her computer, cell phone, and her Facebook privileges. Thompson, who was being punished for a poor grade in math, was taken to the emergency room at Camden-South Medical Center after her parents found her in bed with cold sweats, thumb twitches, and general zombie-like behavior.“I was terrified, we both were.” Said Marge Thompson, Nancy’s mother. “I heard noises and murmuring upstairs. I went to Nancy’s room, and she was rocking back-and-forth on her bead, mumbling “Like. Like. Comment. Like. Share,” and her thumbs were twitching in a texting motion involuntarily. We called 9-1-1 immediately.”Ambulances were at the Thompson house in minutes, with paramedics prepared for the worst.“We arrived, and Nancy was still trembling. It’s a scene I’ve bared witness to many times lately. The ‘Social-Media Shakes’, that’s what we call them.” Said Glen Lantz, one of the paramedics on the scene. “We were loading her into the ambulance, and that was when I saw the look she had. Nancy had a pretty standard resting bitch face, but then I saw her lips starting to curl back and one arm started to rise above her head. I recognized the selfie-signs instantly, and immediately sedated her before any of us had to see her morph into duck face mode.”Parents today are more and more often using social media restrictions as punishments for their children and teenagers. As evident in Nancy’s case, it is not always the best solution. Rod Lane, a professional child psychiatrist, says that teens and young adults need their social networks more than ever, and taking them away can have serious adverse effects, much the same as with drug and alcohol addiction.“I know that when your teen does something wrong, telling them they can’t get on Facebook is the quickest thing to come to your head. I implore all parents, please don’t do this.” Said Lane. “Your child needs to be weened off their social media, like a heroin abuser who goes to a methadone clinic. Just like with “true” drugs, your child can become violent and hostile, or conversely, they can become completely withdrawn and depressed, all because social media is removed from their lives too quickly.”Nancy’s father, Donald Thompson, says that the first thing he did when Nancy awoke in the hospital was give her back her 32GB gold iPhone 5 so she could get online.“I never want to have to go through something like this again. I swear I will never take away her Facebook privileges as long as I live. My baby girl can take all the half-nude, fake tanned, stupid-ass duck face pictures she wants. I’ll even ‘like’ them all myself!”Nancy responded by saying it would be a “cold day in hell” before she added her dad on Facebook. She also updated her status on Facebook to “Prnts are soooo f-ing lame. hospitul food sucks. some1 bring me an f-ing Pinkberry like NOW!” It immediately received ‘Likes’ from 143 of Nancy’s 2,486 friends. Golf Ball Hit From Moon During Apollo 14 Mission Found By Rover On Mars
NASA today confirmed images relayed to Earth by the Mars Rover are, indeed, a Titleist golf ball. Scientists were happy to report that the mystery of the golf ball has been solved, and that there’s a logical explanation for it. ”When the image of the golf ball was released, internet rumors ranged from golf playing aliens to the Mars Rover mission being a NASA hoax filmed here on Earth. I’m happy to report we have solved the mystery of the golf ball found in the Gabrielle Crater on Mars,” said Lead Mars Rover scientist Carl White. “The golf ball is none other than the one Alan Shepard hit off the lunar surface in 1971 during the Apollo 14 mission. When Mr. Shepard hit the ball on the Moon, with the Moon’s low gravity the ball was launched into space. We have calculated the ball traveled 35 million miles and took forty years to land on Mars.”“Since the ball landed in Gabrielle Crater we are happy to say that a NASA astronaut now holds the longest hole in one record in golf history,” said president of Titleist Golf Company Joe Goldsmith. “Unfortunately, Mr. Shepard died in 1988, but I met him a few times, and I’m sure he would be proud to hold such a record.”“Alan played golf all the time,” says widow Mary Shepard. ”I’m not sure how proud he would be though that the ball was found on Mars. When he got back from the Apollo 14 mission in 1971, he told me he was aiming at Uranus, so he must have hooked it.”Hoveround Designs Mobility Skateboard For Active Seniors
Hoveround, manufacturer of best-selling power chairs and scooters, announced today a brand new family of mobility devices aimed at the more active, sports-minded consumer.The ‘Skate-A-Round’ product line was unveiled at the 10th Annual Mobility Product Showcase held at Sarasota’s Municipal Auditorium.“Our customers have come to rely on the dependability, safety and convenience of our scooters and wheelchairs,” said Boyd Miller, Hoveround Mobility Specialist.  “More and more seniors are living longer and leading more active lives, and we received a few feisty letters and emails asking us for more exciting products.”71-year-old Preston Jacobs attended the mobility showcase and eagerly volunteered to demonstrate the new Skate-A-Round.  “It’s great!” said the retired tennis instructor.  “I was what you call an all-around athlete.  I played tennis, I swam, I enjoyed skateboarding and baseball — I once pitched a no-hitter in a celebrity all-star game for charity.  I struck out Hank Aaron!  He ran over and shook my hand.  He sends me a Christmas card every year!  Extraordinary guy!”Jacobs demonstrated the electrically powered skateboard for the convention’s visitors.  “First, you gotta snap down these 2 training wheel brackets on each side by stepping on this bar.  Then you grab onto the handle where the activity lever is.  You lean back on the seat, push the ‘up’ handle to go forward, and the ‘down’ handle to go back.  It’s like being a kid again,” he said, as he sped from one product booth to another.Another mobility product manufactured under the Skate-A-Round brand is the ‘Hipster,’ a wraparound device powered by 4 in-line skates attached to a specially modified walker.“The Hipster is designed for the active senior who wants to feel a bit more stable,” explained Miller.  “The belted waistband wraps and snaps around the lower body like a girdle, so there’s no fear of losing your balance, and possibly breaking a hip.  Active seniors can still enjoy the full skateboard experience without the anxiety.”“We’re excited to offer new options for our more active customers,” said Miller.  Look at the crowd around our booth!  This looks like another top-selling line for us!”“I’ll be right back,” said Miller, rushing off.  “I lost track of Mr. Jacobs.  The last time I saw him he was doing a tailstop in front of The ‘Little Rascal’ scooter booth.  They’re our largest competitor.  I don’t want them studying our product too closely!”Al Gore Rushed to New England Hospital With Symptoms Of Frostbite
Former vice-president Al Gore was reportedly struck with a violent case of frostbite earlier this morning, while indoctrinating America’s youth in the perils of global warming at a New England elementary school .After a frighteningly inappropriate speech given in the schools gymnasium, Gore was invited to follow the children out to recess. According to several teachers, Gore was not appropriately dressed for the cold front gripping the area, and while playing ‘King of the Hill’ with the children, he became soaked in cold, wet snow. A secret service agent, assigned to the former vice-president during his tours, noticed red splotches on Gore’s face and hands.“Well, it was supposed to be a speech on conservation. You know – turn off lights, don’t run the water when brushing your teeth, that sort of thing,” said Ralph Stevens, 4th grade teacher. “But Mr. Gore took his speech over the top. My God, he had a slide show featuring dead polar bears, crying Eskimos, and drawings of cities under water. When it was done, the children were visibly upset and many were crying about the dead animals, so I called for recess to cheer them up.”“It was disgusting, really,” said Principal Ann Parsons. “Mr. Gore followed the children outside, taking over a game of King of the Hill, and he was violently shoving kids off the hill, declaring himself Ruler of the World. I tried to stop it, but the secret service would not let me get close. It was unseasonably chilly, around 28 degrees, and although the children were all dressed in winter clothes, Mr. Gore was just in a suit and tie, not even a jacket. After about an hour, the secret service swarmed around him and whisked him away to the motorcade, knocking over children as they went. I was glad to see him go.”“Luckily the doctors say I will end up being okay, and that we got here in time, so there’s no reason to amputate anything,” said Gore from a Massachusetts General hospital bed. ”I was wondering why my entire body was aching and hurting. I just thought it was because I was throwing all those kids around. Anyway, I just want everyone to know global warming is real, and that I will continue to educate the children through my school tours. I can show you all the science you need, but the average temperature dropping over the last seven years should prove it all. If no one else, the uneducated kids of America will certainly believe me.” Tinder Cancels Accounts For People It Considers ‘Too Attractive’
Tinder, the popular ‘hot or not’ dating app, has made the controversial decision to block users it considers too attractive due to a substantial overflow of users. According to founder Gary Tinder, it was a tough decision, but the right one that will save the business in the long run.“We just couldn’t keep up with the overwhelming number of users. There’s millions of lonely people joining every second . . . especially between the hours of 12am and 4am. While I want to include everyone who is horny, sad, or just trying to do it with a stranger who is less than two minutes away, there have to be limits,” said Tinder. “Our technology cannot handle every person in heat, and it would be really rude to deny the people who are probably not good looking enough to be charming in person.”Some extremely attractive people figured out something was wrong with the popular app before they officially revealed their secret. Alexis Wartz of Silver Lake noticed the trend early, when she was refused a download on her iPhone. “My friends were just like, ‘OMG you should do Tinder, I met this guy who asks me if I’m up at 3am every single weekend!’ So I tried, and it said the download didn’t work. I was at a Starbucks and the WiFi was so working and I kept trying and it never worked, but it worked for all my friends. It feels kinda good now that I know I’m too sexy to be on it. It’s a compliment and I’ll never stop bragging about it to my friends, who now have proof that I’m the prettiest one in the group.”Liam Rash of New York City recalled his rejection from across the country. “I had the app for a while, but then one day it just disappeared. I tried to re-download it, and it wouldn’t work. I’m sitting there depressed, thinking ‘I’m one minute away from the hottest, most desperate chicks in all of Murray Hill, and I don’t even have to get out of bed…and I can have my hand down my pants if I want to.’ It sucks that I’m too hot for this thing, because I’m so socially awkward that I can only approach women through an iPhone without having a mental breakdown about how much I miss my mom, who lives upstate.”“If the user demand continues to grow, we’ll probably just make a Tinder for ‘ugly’ to ‘average’ people, and a separate one for ‘above average’ to ‘hot’ people. But for now it’s our number one priority to make the app available to everyone we can as quickly as possible. We are just asking that everyone, from ugly duckling to beauty queen, just give us some time to get the kinks worked out.” Amazon Building Pipelines to Deliver Packages Direct to Living Room
Online retail store Amazon has unveiled plans for a new delivery service that uses pipelines to carry packages directly to consumers across the United States Unveiled at this year's Consumer Electronic Show (CES), the service -- dubbed  “Tüb Prime” -- combines a system of pneumatic tubes with experimental magnetic levitation technology to float boxes thousands of miles in a matter of minutes. The e-commerce behemoth began its plans on its ambitious series of tubes after being denied permission by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to use flying drones to deliver products. The Tüb Prime central hub in St. Louis has already been completed as the company begins building the delivery pneumatic tubes from coast to coast. Smaller Tüb lines will branch off and is similar to laying down new internet cable or telephone lines. Substations will be placed en route to ensure the tubes function properly. The estimated cost of the entire pipeline system is $894 billion, which CFO Thomas Szktuak says will be financed by a highly dilutive rights issue and the largest corporate bond offering in history. “You gotta spend money to make money,” he told Bloomberg this morning. “It may seem foolish to spend close to a trillion dollars on an unproven technology without a demonstrable market. But I’m sure our shareholders will understand the long-term vision. “People laughed at the idea of the flying car and shopping malls on the moon. But look where we are now.” “Amazon prides itself on looking forward,” Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos told the crowd at CES. “We don’t mind the initially loss of constructing the expansive tube because of the revenue the delivery pipeline will bring in over the coming years. It’s the next great engineering feat and who better to do it than Amazon.” The Amazon Tüb will be included in a standard Amazon Prime subscription. The company believes it will eventually save money by eliminating fees to traditional delivery services such as UPS and FedEx. In the long run, construction costs will be offset by delivery fees. “You’ll be able to track your package mid-tube,” said Bezos, “and one day, an Amazon Tube will go to everyone’s house. Drones aren't the future; pneumatic tubes are.” According to Bezos, the American Tub Prime pipeline is just the beginning. Amazon’s next ambition is to Asia. Named “Tüb Fire,” construction to Asia will be completed by 2021 and will serve to eliminate ocean freight cost. With Chinese online marketplace, Alibaba, on Amazon’s tail, growth in Asia is a top priority for the $140 billion company. Amazon is also developing technology to de-materialize and re-materialize products, but “that’s a few years down the pipeline,” said Bezos.Crazy DNA Test Results Reveal Maury Povich Is The Father Of His Adopted Son
Since 1991, daytime talk show host Maury Povich has shocked hundreds of young men and changed the lives of an equal number of young women by revealing DNA paternity test results on The Maury Povich Show, later renamed Maury.Povich’s dramatic declaration of You are NOT the father! is typically followed by exuberant dancing and somersaults from recently ruled-out fathers, to humiliated screams of desperate, truth-seeking mothers who run offstage, often followed by cameras recording every anguished scream and tear.During a show taping last week, the tables were turned on Povich himself, when he volunteered to undergo a DNA test after being issued a challenge from an angry viewer.In an email laced with obscenities, ‘professional blogger’ Mark Satterfield accused the show of staging its paternity show results.  “I emailed them and said I know for a fact that you ass—– fake all those shows just to get the ratings.  All there [sic] shows are crap and so then I said listen up you motherf——, I’m going public with what I know.  I said I dare you to print this, and then that ass—- Maury Povich emailed me in person to invite me to be on the f—— show.”“I believe in the integrity of the Maury show, so what better way to put my credibility and professional honor on the line?” asked Povich.  “I personally invited Mr. Satterfield to be a part of the studio audience, and I wanted him to read the test results himself.  I asked my adopted son if he would volunteer a sample of his DNA, which he agreed to do.  “It was a hole-in-one,” remarked Povich, an avid golfer.The day of the taping arrived.  The audience was told why Povich was seated on the guest’s couch rather than in the host’s chair.  Taping began.  Satterfield was handed the now familiar manila envelope.  He opened it and announced to Povich and the audience:  “In the case of your adopted son, … Maury, … You … ARE the father!”The studio audience erupted in wild screams and chants of “Aw, Snap!” “Damn Mo Po!” “What the F—?” “For real?” and “Wait…what?”  Several audience members, including Povich’s wife, journalist and former CBS News co-host Connie Chung, remained frozen in their seats — too stunned to react.“I was like, ‘well this s— has gotta be fake, too,’” said Satterfield.  “I know for a fact that your adopted son can’t turn out to be your natural son, because he’s adopted! Heck, I’m adopted, and my adopted father was more of a real father to me than my natural father, that rat b—— who I never even met once!” he explained.“But then,” continued Satterfield, “I saw the audience screaming and pointing at Maury and jumping up and down, so it hit me me what was going on, so I said ‘Oh, s***!  I threw the envelope down and did my own f****** dance.”Povich ran off the stage covering his mouth and threatening his camera crew.  “Do NOT follow me backstage, do you understand? DO NOT follow me with that damn camera!” he demanded.Several television show hosts were quick to offer reaction to the news, which sent ripples throughout the television hosting community.“The test result was the most shocking event that I’ve ever witnessed in the history of my entire journey,” commented Oprah Winfrey, from her OWN Studio Headquarters.  “My best friend Gayle and I were watching the show, and Steadman too, and the DNA result was even more shocking and unbelievable than what I used to do on my show back in the day!  It was shocking!  We were shocked!  So was Steadman.  He was there!”Judith Sheindlin, outspoken host of the nationally syndicated program Judge Judy remarked, “That’s outrageous! Case dismissed!”Povich initially said he had no explanation for the 99.99 per cent probability that he and his son were directly related, but later, when interviewed for a segment yet to be aired, Povich admitted that he donated sperm several years ago when he needed quick cash during a ratings slump.“This revelation has strengthened the relationship between my son and me, which has always been strong,” said Povich.  “I’ve said from the moment [Connie and] I saw him, that he’s always felt like my own son, and as it turns out, he is.”  When asked if he was aware of any other children he has fathered, Povich chuckled, “Not as far as I know, but maybe we’ll find out a different truth on a future episode.”Povich announced he would devote the next several shows to determining the identity of the mother.Calls to Connie Chung were not immediately answered.Food Scientist, Medical Doctors Slam Gluten-Free Diet Fad
A new craze in the United States is gluten-free food items. Over the last few years, gluten-free items have been popping up left and right, and you can’t go to almost any food establishment without running into a menu item that is completely 100% gluten-free. Some people claim that they are so allergic to gluten that it can have the same effects on them as a peanut could to a person with a nut allergy.In the day and age we live in there are so many different types of diets, supplements, and healthier food items out there it makes you wonder how people survived 60 years ago. With time we have learned that some people are allergic to certain foods such as shell-fish, peanuts, etc, and these allergies can be so serious as to cause death.A scientist in San Antonio, Texas has found through testing, though, that this is not the case when it comes to gluten.“I have done endless tests and examination on people who claim to be allergic to gluten,” said food scientist Dr. Phillip Ray. “I did test such as giving my subjects gluten and telling them I didn’t, and nothing ever happened. The funny thing is, when I gave my subject something without gluten, and claimed that it was not gluten-free, that is when they began to have reaction symptoms. I believe that it is all a mental complex, otherwise known as “stupidity,” and people want to believe they are being harmed by something that isn’t hurting them in the slightest. In fact, in case you weren’t aware, most people need gluten in their diets.”So far, Dr. Ray is the only medical professional to try and make his theory known, publishing it in medical journals and securing spots on daytime talk shows, although most of his claims have already been backed up by medical science ages ago.“Going ‘gluten-free’ in your diet has absolutely no health or diet benefits, and is a fad that has become commonplace, but really has no merit in the world of dieting,” said Dr. Joe Goldsmith, a specialist in allergies and disease. “Most people who lose weight on a gluten-free diet are only doing so because they are normally cutting out breads, wheats, and pastas – things that can, in large portions, cause an unhealthy weight. On the opposing end, though, unless you are extremely careful, a gluten-free diet will lack vitamins, minerals, and fibers your body needs.”“If you don’t have celiac disease, eat your damn gluten,” said Dr. Ray. “You’re just making yourself look stupid when you go out to a restaurant and ask for a gluten-free menu. The waitress knows you don’t have celiac disease. The kitchen staff knows that you’re just being a picky bitch. You don’t have a wheat allergy. You’re just pretentious. You stop that nonsense immediately.”Floyd ‘Money’ Mayweather To Become First Private Citizen To Travel To The Moon
It has been confirmed today that a private citizen will be taking a trip to a place no man has gone before – unless, of course, you’re a man that happens to be an astronaut.A new, privately funded space exploration company called GalaxyTech is sending its first citizen to the moon. The program is using this opportunity as a way to gain a little bit of cash, because as they said ‘a ticket to the moon don’t come cheap.’“The exciting part of the announcement comes when we let everyone know who the first guinea pig, er, I mean, who the first brave explorer will be,” said company representative Sherman Helms. “The person who will be taking the trip could be argued as one of the most famous athletes in the world – his name is Floyd Mayweather!”Mayweather announced his trip to the moon earlier this week through his publicist, but initial reports seemed to come through the media as a purported joke.“I just thought this would be a great chance for the best on Earth to hold the crown as the best on the Moon, too,” said Mayweather. “I’ve done almost everything there is to do on this planet, and I’m ready to see what the moon has to offer. Plus, who knows, maybe they be some type of alien up there that wants to go a couple rounds.”The space program sending Mayweather to the moon hopes that other celebrities will follow suit. While Floyd my be the first private citizen going to the moon, GalaxyTech say that they sincerely hope that he isn’t the last. Ebola Cases Begin Rising Again As Disease Found To Be Spread Through Cat Feces
Just as the Ebola panic has begin to die down, the U.S. may be finding itself back in the face of a pandemic. The dreaded disease has found another way into your home, putting cat owners and their families at the most risk.Makers of bottom shelf cat food, like Special Cat and Furry Friend brands, have long been using the remains of sick Africans to add crude protein and filler to their cat food. While their representatives insist they use the highest quality, disease free remains, at least one person in the U.S. has already been affected from coming into contact with their household cat’s poop.Jim Reynolds, 29, of Charlotte, North Carolina, is the first confirmed case of cat-contracted Ebola in the United States. “I always bought cheap canned cat food for my cats. Not because I don’t love them, but I figured it didn’t matter. They eat their own shit sometimes, so I figured a can of cat food is a can of cat food. Never thought I’d end up in quarantine. Not even a good TV to watch the game on in here. This sucks a fat one.”Jim’s neighbor, Jenny Newport, says the increasing fear of cats has caused much tension in her neighborhood. “We’ve got a neighborhood watch for cats now. Everyone’s afraid of cats crapping in their back yards. Personally I like that our town was rat and rodent free from all the feral cats, but for now keep your cats well fed on a high-end food diet, and keep their shit-asses inside for God’s sake! I’m not catching Ebola cause you’re to cheap to spring an extra damn dollar for Friskees.”Wal-Mart has already begun pulling Special Cat brands, as well as several other ‘dollar brand’ cat foods from their shelves, and millions more cans are expected to be recalled nationwide.Pregnant women and children are urged to stay away from cat litter and sandboxes, due to an increased risk of exposure to the virus. Cat owners should buy dry food for their cats, and take special precautions when changing litter boxes or handing feces from cats who ate any cheap cat food in the last thirty days. Apple Programmer Admits To Stealing Android Code For Use in iPhones
A top Apple programmer sent ripples through the mobile community with the revelation that he has been copying code from a three-year-old version of the Android operating system. Manish Karmic, a twenty eight-year-old developer who has worked for Apple for the past six years, was overheard bragging about his coding ‘ace in the hole’ at a company function by a guest and a member of the media.Cheryl Smart, a tech blogger for Wired Magazine, was able to capture part of the conversation on her iPhone 5s.“Honestly, it pissed me off a little bit,” She wrote in her personal blog. “I mean, I just paid eight hundred dollars for this phone because it is trendy, and it ‘just works’, and here is one of the guys who designed it laughing about how he copied obsolete technology from another operating system and passed it off as innovation. Now they are adding more recycled features, like Near Field Communications, and offering different screen sizes, two more things Android has been doing for years.”Smart claims that she heard Karmic admit to literally copying and pasting thousands of lines of code from a Samsung Galaxy SIII, a phone that the Android community has largely forgotten about.“And then Apple has the audacity to sue over common sense features like ‘pinch to zoom’ and the general shape of a phone,” Her rant continued.iPhone users everywhere are jumping to the defense of their favorite device, even after hearing the recording that Smart has uploaded to her blog. They didn’t hesitate to let her know all about it in her comments section.“Big screens used to be like, so stupid, but they make like, total sense to me now,” stated one guest poster. “And I didn’t get the whole pay-with-your-phone thing before, but now it is like, a total necessity for me.”“They [Google] think that just because they had something first that it makes them better,” wrote another commenter. “Well, my iPhone is way better. I don’t care about the open source community or removable storage. My phone fits better into my skinny jeans.”Android owners were quick to jump to the defense of their devices and ridicule the Apple supporters, making sure that none of them escaped unscathed.“You guys are sheep,” read one retort by user CuddlyMuff. “If Apple released a rotary phone with a shorted-out cord, you’d all be raving about how steampunk it was and how the crackling from the cord shorting out actually improved the quality of your calls.”One thing is certain, as long as Google keeps innovating, the iPhone is here to stay, thanks to the handy work of geeks like Manish Karmic, who have both a cool eye for copying code and a finger on the pulse of their customers.“I could code something into iOS that should make them [iPhone users] hate the phone, but they won’t,” Manish can be heard saying on the recording. “I could code in something that would drain their bank accounts, and they would just talk about how much better their lives were with no money. They’ll buy anything. So I just put in whatever, and go to the golf course.”Ceiling Fans Can Cause Wi-Fi Particles To ‘Break Down’, Slow Down Home Internet
If you have been noticing some troubles with your Wi-Fi connection, your signal may not be at fault this time.A recent study has shown that ceiling fans are the number one cause of slow internet or having no internet connection in homes. The study was performed after several major router and modem companies banded together to find new issues that can arise in home use of their products.“I had a guy that wrote the company a letter claiming he would kill all of my family if I didn’t resolve his internet connection,” said the CEO of Belkin Routers, Joe Goldsmith. “He was upset because he was attempting to stream a Gilmore Girls episode on Netflix and from what he wrote, it cut off right before the good part.”The report shows that not only will a ceiling fan in your own home disrupt your Wi-Fi, but even a close neighbor with a ceiling fan can be affecting it.What happens, according to researchers, is the movement of a ceiling fan sucks in the Wi-Fi particles that are floating through the air, making your ‘network’ stuck in a type of internet tornado.Major companies are attempting to find a way to stop this slow-down from happening in homes. Home Depot, one of the largest retailers of ceiling fans in the United States, as well as several other companies in the home-building and internet markets, are attempting to create a new Wi-Fi friendly ceiling fan, or a ceiling fan-friendly router. Prototypes for both designs have been created, but they say that the technology may be years away from being developed to permanently prevent issues.In the mean time, they suggest that if you want to assure that you have the best possible internet connection, it is recommended that shut off or stay away from all ceiling fans while surfing the web.  Google Glass Upgrade Will Let You Read Minds Of Significant Other
An unprecedented release from the corporate giant Google hit the tech market just before Valentine’s Day. The dot-com behemoth released a new beta software upgrade for Google Glass+ that allows one to read the thoughts of their significant other’s wants and desires.“The desire center of the brain is relatively easy to read as compared to other segments of the brain,” Explained Dr. Dasa Sengupta of Google’s neuro-tech labs. “When someone wants or desires a particular item that is within proximity, the pleasure center lights up in a particular series of stimulation. The more one desires an item, the more synapse fires occur within the pleasure center. When this happens, the eyes also dilate and the cheeks and lips become slightly flushed. This is the key to the Glass+ program.”Google Glass+ now has the capability to detect the slightest pigment change in a “familiar face,” which has been noted by the machine through multiple viewings. Once the Glass+ becomes capable of reading the face, it can note minor changes in the pigment, as well as eye dilation.“This is a fantastic progress for couples,” noted Marketing Director David Gebner. “We felt Valentine’s day was the perfect time to release the product, as many men struggle to know exactly what their significant other wants for the romantic holidays. Google Glass+ will now at least give them a bit of a nudge in the right direction.”Update: Google quickly pulled the software only two days after the release, as the product was found to cause more harm to relationships than it did help. An official release stated there were, “A multitude of reports citing couples separating, or getting into physical altercations, after the Google Glass+ noted a partner’s interest in a third party. Future updates will remedy the situation.”Rare Feline Disease Projected To Kill Millions Of Cats, Experts Fear Extinction
America’s second-favorite pet is in a battle for its life, and looks like it’s losing. Cats, both domestic and feral, have been dying in alarming numbers across the country, and veterinarians working closely with the Center For Disease Control have been seeking to find a cure for this new feline disease.“We have diagnosed a disease, but cannot control it. It’s spreading at an alarming rate, and we can project death rates into the millions by summer. If your cat has been urinating more than usual, or being extra vocal, it could be the first signs of the disease,” said Alan Anderson spokesman for the CDC. “While a cure would not be impossible to find, we at the CDC quite frankly have better things to focus our energies and research on.”Anderson said that while the CDC has been looking to find a cure for the disease, they have been also dealing with massive amounts of paperwork leftover from the recent Ebola scare.“We’re very tired after that whole Ebola thing,” said Anderson. “This new cat disease, known as Feline Urinary Cartilage Abdominal Track Syndrome, or  FUCATS, for short, is easily spread, and it could very well mean an end to cats altogether. But, here at the CDC, our main concern is human diseases and controlling and containing their spread. Possibly dog diseases, too, but certainly not cat diseases.”“Many in my field feel that FUCATS is a godsend,” said  veterinarian Mark Miller. “I look forward to the day I can go to work without being scratched by those soulless creatures. For felines, FUCATS is a horrible way to die. Their intestines turn into hard cartilage, and it’s very painful. It’s so painful for the cats, it’s almost hard for me to enjoy watching them die, but I manage.”“It’s horrible. I mean, they could cure it, but they can’t be bothered,” said Margaret McCoy of Duluth, Minnesota, owner of 15 cats. “My babies are all I have. I guess I could get a dog. I always wanted a dog, and I hear one dog equals the love of 15 cats. But, still…I’ve grown attached to these furry little guys, the litter being tracked all over the house, and the smell of ammonia in the air. I hope that FUCATS doesn’t get my little fur-babies!” Woman Who Still Uses Dial-Up Internet Says She Has No Desire To Upgrade
Cicely James is not new to the world wide web. In fact, she’s had a computer with internet access in her home since December of 1998, when her brother gave her his old Dell for Christmas and signed her up for NetZero, an internet service provider who used to offer free dial-up internet service to its customers.The thing about Cicely James, though, is that since 1998 she has been using that same Dell tower and her same free NetZero dial-up subscription. While most people throughout the world have upgraded to high-speed internet through cable or telephone providers, Ms. James says she has no reason to “speed through the web.”“I’ve never been a woman who needed to get where she was going lightning fast. I am too old now, especially, and too set in my ways to worry about upgrading and fast speed interwebs and the ePads and the smartyphones, and all that nonsense.”Ms. James was recently contacted by NetZero, who long ago switched to offering DSL based broadband internet, to let her know she was the last person on their network still using the antiquated dial-up system.“They contact me every month or so, asking me to get into their new packages. I don’t wanna any of it. This dial-in service is all free, and I don’t mind the ads that pop up all the time. Usually they’re about pills I don’t need because I don’t need a bigger erection, and sometimes they try to trick me into meeting single girls in my area. That one I clicked once, actually, when I was looking for a new friend to play Spades with, but it wasn’t the kind of thing I thought it was.”NetZero representatives say that are actually willing to offer to upgrade Ms. James to a new, faster service and keep her at the free monthly subscriber rate she’s had for the last 16 years. Plus, as a long-time customer they offered to gift her with a brand new Windows 8 laptop, but even to that Ms. James has passed.“Nope, nope. Just let me be. Between you media people, the NetZero people, and my grandkids, I get enough hounding about my old technology. I don’t want to get anything new. Besides, why would they want to give me Windows number 8 when I’m already using Windows number 95?” New Study Proves Everyone Is At Least Slightly Gay
A new scientific study performed by a private medical team at Massasoit General Hospital in Piedmont, North Dakota has proven that 100% of people have at least a little bit of gay in them.“It doesn’t matter if you’re male, female, or a eunuch,” Said Professor Neil Louis, head of HumanZone, INC., the privately-held medical research company that performed the study. “Through many years of testing, research, development, and a tiny bit of trial-and-error, we have discovered the actual strain in human DNA that causes homosexuality. [And] these tests conclude that everyone, no matter who they are, has at least a small amount of that strain in them.”It has long been known, although argued vehemently by bigots and religious zealots, that homosexuality is a trait that is developed while a person is still in the fetal state, being born homosexual or heterosexual. With this knowledge, Professor Louis and his team were able to discover exactly at what stage of the pregnancy a person “becomes” homosexual. Once they discovered this timeframe, they used that knowledge to find the actual DNA gene itself. They were then startled to discover that in every sample they had, whether it was from people who identified as straight or as homosexual, they could find at least some part of that same strain.“It’s all extremely complicated,” said Louis. “I don’t expect that a layperson would understand it. When our research is published in the Boston Medical Journal of Research next month, anyone will be able to peruse our findings.”What this means for people as whole, according to Louis, really amounts to nothing at all.“This is not going to change any person’s day-to-day life. Knowing that you have a little gay in you, so what? What does that matter? Is there something wrong being gay? I mean, do people still think that in this day and age? What’s the matter with them? Who cares?”In his findings, the professor and his team discovered that there were different “levels” of homosexuality, as they referred to them. Just as the stereotypes you can imagine of homosexuals, portrayed in TV and movies as anything from extremely flamboyant with female qualitites to men still repressing their sexuality, the study actually showed that the more a man claims to despise homosexuals, the more of the homosexual strain they would find in him.“Men who we tested who considered themselves to be homophobic, or even overtly hostile towards homosexuals, were found to have the MOST amounts of homosexual DNA strains in them. I guess it does prove true the old adage that the more someone hates gay people, the more they really are repressing their own desires for some hot man-on-man action.”Curiously, the study was not performed on any women.“Oh, we didn’t bother studying women. Everyone already knows that all it takes to get a woman to have gay tendencies is a couple vodka and Red Bull martinis.”Steve Jobs Almost Done Reinventing Heaven
Former Apple founder and CEO Steve Jobs has almost finished his year-long project of reinventing heaven, The Daily Currant can reveal. The 56-year-old began his mission to improve eternity's user experience shortly after arriving last October, following a long battle with pancreatic cancer. Distressed by the stuffy atmosphere behind the pearly gates, Jobs organized a non-profit organization with the goal of remolding heaven in the consumers' image. His efforts over the last year have transformed the once staid, austere Beyond of medieval lore into a modern realm of simplistic elegance. Long time residents gush about the changes saying they haven't been happier in millennia. The Ones Who Do In an exclusive interview, Jobs reveals his motivation for the movement and explains how his efforts have transformed post-corporeal society: "When I first arrived here, I was certainly impressed. Heaven was more wonderful than I had imagined. You can see all your relatives. And meet interesting people from the past. There's no pain or hunger or suffering." "But after awhile, I began to realize that not everything was optimized perfectly. Things had been done a certain way for so long, the ethos of continual improvement had stagnated." "So I thought, let's see if we can do something different. I got some of my friends together - including Da Vinci, Einstein, Hafez, Darwin, Monet, and Michelangelo - and we decided to come up with some changes." Beauty Walks a Razor's Edge "The first thing we did is personalize the cloud system. Before everyone shared clouds with at least 5 other people. Privacy wasn't a problem, because there was plenty of haze. But having to worry about roomates was a sub-optimal user experience." "So now everyone has their own personal CloudPod, a self contained habitation and transportation apparatus. You can link your CloudPods together to form a bigger spaces for parties or if you want to live with someone." "After we solved living arrangements, we took a hard look at the angels. Before everyone had access to one specific angel for the purposes of fulfilling wishes. The problem was that different angels were good at different things." "So we created what I like to call the AngelBar, a specific cloud with multiple angels on it with varying talents. Residents can dock their CloudPods at the AngelBar and have the relevant Angel assigned to them." The Answers My Friend... Jobs explains that every aspect of heaven has been redesigned with aesthetics in mind: "We've toned down the colors a bit, to give a more calming feeling. The sky is now more of a pastel blue, and the clouds more ivory than white." "And we've replaced all the locally made harps with ones imported from a remote region of Paraguay. They're the best harps ever made. The cherubs can't stop playing them now." Although the fundamental changes are almost complete, Jobs says his greatest achievement is yet to come: a giant concert hall carved from a single cumulonimbus that will hold more than 2 billion souls. Preparation for the mega-project now consumes most of Jobs' time. He rises at six o'clock every morning for meetings with his concert team - which includes Beethoven, Antoni Gaudi, and Jimi Hendrix. Asked why after achieving so much in life, Jobs isn't taking more time to rest in the afterlife, he simply responds: "Dying is no excuse to stop living."  Nutritional Study Reveals That Drinking Apple Juice Increases Penis Size
In an extensive two-year scientific nutritional study conducted at Boston University, a group of experts in nutritionally based health improvement breakthroughs, known internationally for their past nutritional scientific discoveries and award-winning accomplishments, claim that their research has proved conclusively that drinking a half-gallon or more of apple juice a day, will, surprisingly increase penile size over time.Health experts and dietitians say that the precise, detail-oriented, and incredibly well orchestrated study, which had over 30 medical professionals working diligently to monitor the process of natural male enhancement and measuring the results meticulously in a very ‘hands-on’ manner, may very well be the most significant nutritionally based study conducted in the past twenty years worldwide, and for obvious reasons.Nutritional Science and Engineering professor, Dr. Ismael Untobo, along with his team, constructed the detailed article titled ‘Apple Juice and The Secret of The Male Sexual Organ’ in the October issue of the prestigious North American Nutritional  Journal Monthly. Their research revealed that consuming large amounts of 100% real, natural apple juice several times daily is the only proven way  known to date, excluding surgery, that is likely to significantly increase penis size.According to Dr. Untobo’s extensive report, 50 male subjects were monitored on a daily basis during the entire two-year study, and each participant consumed at least a half-gallon of natural apple juice. Once a month, members of the research team gently massaged the men’s private areas with oil until fully erect. This was done to gain the most efficient and scientifically dependable measurements of both length and girth. The results have proven to be quite explosive for the average sized male desperately wanting to offer their sex partners a little something extra.“No specific nutrient in the apple generates the increases, it is the coexistence and the chemistry of how the nutrients are uniquely constructed within one another’s supplemental DNA, if you will,” Untobo explained. “We tried all different types of juices over the full 10-year study, but it was only within the last 2 years that we discovered that apple juice was the key. Even I’ve taken to drinking several glasses a day. My wife is very happy.”Within the first six months, Dr. Untobo says his research team at Boston University began to see astounding results in not only penile length, but also in girth as well.“Six months into the study the average erect penile length of our group increased from 5.75 inches to 6.25 inches, while erect penile circumference increased from 3.8 inches to 5.3 inches. Production of semen increased slightly as well, but intensity of orgasm went off the charts during monthly evaluations,” said Untobo. “It became overwhelmingly obvious that semen production increased very rapidly along with leg-shaking, intense, full-body orgasms. Obviously our test subjects were very pleased with their personal growth and newly discovered, unprecedented orgasms. I guess one could say, the juice gives you more juice, and more juice keeps a smile on your face,” said Dr. Untobo.Dr. Untobo added that the makers of 100% real apple juice should significantly improve in worldwide sales over the course of the next couple years. “As the results and proof of these studies spread, I would be surprised if the supplement companies do not cash in by converting apples into a pill form. It can be done, and to the best of my educated knowledge, such a supplement is not currently sold over the counter, but they will be,” Dr. Untobo concluded.According to Untobo, now that he has finished his study with the hopes that his research will help many men gain the confidence they were looking for when it comes to the size of their members, he has begun leading a team of female colleagues and participants in a study to determine whether or not the size really matters, anyway.New Hollywood Trend Has Celebrities Getting Baby Pig Semen Injections To Look Younger
Celebrities and movie stars in Hollywood and Los Angeles are always on the cutting edge of treatments to make themselves appear younger and sexier. From lip injections to smoothing out crow’s-feet, there aren’t many things that some celebrities won’t try to keep their famous-faces looking ageless. A new trend in Hollywood has emerged in the last several months, as doctors report that many A-list stars are now skipping the toxins of chemicals like Botox and injecting a much more natural substance - baby pig semen.“Baby pig semen is an all-natural way to smooth out age lines, especially in the face and hands,” said Dr. Aaron Silver, plastic surgeon at the Goldsmith Medical Center in Los Angeles. “We inject a small amount around the eyes, lips, in the cheeks, or anywhere else that someone would want tighter, smoother skin. Over the course of several weeks, and approximately 3-5 injections, the loose skin becomes completely rejuvenated.”The treatments are still awaiting full FDA approval, but that doesn’t make it illegal for the semen to be injected by a trained professional.“Dr. Silver has given me the semen injections several times,” said a Hollywood legend who wished to remain anonymous. “My eyes look like they did when I was 25. I feel so much better about my looks ever since I started getting these injections. Botox is so harsh, and so noticeable. I had my lips done with Botox about a decade ago, and I haven’t felt a damn kiss since. Semen is so much less abrasive on the body. I’m a big fan of it.”“I know that many people are concerned about the health risks of injecting animal semen into their body, but I can assure everyone, it’s much safer than injecting an actual poison, like Botox – assuming it is done by a trained professional,” said Silver. “I don’t advise anyone to go out to their local farms and start jacking off pigs and shooting themselves up. Leave it to the doctors.”Silver said that the pig semen injections began in rural Asia sometime in the late 90s, and only recently began being performed in Europe and the United States. There are also several companies developing pig semen creams and salves for mass market production. Apple Founder Steve Jobs Found Alive, Hiding Out In Jamaica
A set of tourists were shocked to see a man who looked suspiciously like one of their idols on the beaches of Rio Bueno, Jamaica. Jake Nestar and Stacey Kenely, who are self-proclaimed Apple fanatics, were enjoying the sun and sand of Jamaica when they noticed a man who looked suspiciously like Apple Founder Steve Jobs. On further investigation, the two realized it was, in fact, the long-thought dead Jobs, and celebrated with such gusto that they blew the entrepreneur’s cover.“We were just so excited to see the man who changed our lives so much,” said Nester. “I was like, ‘Babe, is that him?’ and she was all ‘Jake, you’re high.’ But I was pretty sure. Then she started looking up pictures of him on her iPad. Then she was all ‘OMG, Babe, that’s him.’ He was the dude.”According to onlookers, Nester then ran up to Jobs, bragging about his new Apple products. The outburst caught the attention of some other tourists. Quickly, a mob formed around Jobs, and within minutes, news reporters were on the scene.With his cover blown, Jobs had no choice but to speak on the matter.“I was simply trying to enjoy my life,” the marketing genius said. “I had come to the beach thinking it was low season for tourists. I didn’t think anyone would recognize me.”Jobs then explained his reason for the faked death. “I was under so much stress the last decade. I knew the only way people would stop constantly hassling me for ideas was if they thought I was dead. Do you have any idea how nice it is to not own personal electronic products? I’ve been free ever since the world stopped bothering me.”The Apple founder did seem to have a relaxed and calm demeanor when speaking to reporters. The Island lifestyle did seem to agree with his new want in life.“Nobody cares who I am down here. Nobody wants to bother me about what the new innovation or strategy will be. They just enjoy sitting and chatting, smoking weed or drinking rum. We all go down to the weekly Tupac and Biggie concerts and enjoy life without computers, cell phones, pads, pods, and other devices that suck the life out of you.”When asked if he had any remorse about unveiling Job’s secret, Nester replied, “Did he say Tupac and Biggie concerts?”Jenny McCarthy Preaches New ‘Goating’ Fad, Says To Eat Candy While Still In The Wrapper
Over the last 7 years, Jenny McCarthy has been able to convince millions of parents to stop vaccinating their children, almost single handedly creating the movement known to the media as anti-vaxxing. Now, McCarthy is working to convince parents that the only way for children to safely consume candy is while it’s still in the wrapper.A public service announcement released by McCarthy early Monday morning detailed the supposed health benefits of ‘Goating’, or eating still-wrapped candy, and the increased risk of autism in children who eat chocolate and other candies that have been removed from its original wrapper.McCarthy tells her 700,000 plus Facebook followers that years of research has gone into the theory, and that ‘Goating’ will provide your body with an extra layer of protection from the harmful GMO’s and chemicals found in candy. She said the idea came to her when the family dog got into a bag of fun-sized Milky Way candy bars.“I knew I was on to something, because chocolate kills dogs normally, but Muffy was fine, just some diarrhea. If eating fully wrapped candy bars can prevent my dog from overdosing on chocolate, it can certainly prevent any child from contracting autism.”Several respected authorities in the medical community have spoken out against Goating, and are warning the public that the practice of eating fully-wrapped candy carries a far greater health risk than just eating the candy bars normally. Experts are saying that in addition to the obvious choking concerns, the human digestive system is not designed to break down plastic wrappers.McCarthy has said that she is releasing a book about her studies on ‘Goating’, to be released on October 21st. The book will be titled Goating: Now that’s a Wrap, and will be released just in time for Halloween, when candy eating is at a yearly high for children and adults alike.Man Uses Bent iPhone 6 To Free Baby From Locked Car
Good news today for Apple and their latest flagship product, as a loyal ‘iFan’ was able to turn an engineering scandal into a stroke of genius and save a baby’s life in the process. Mark Mahone, a part-time model and actor from Tahlequah, Oklahoma was walking through a local mall parking lot on the way to his car,when he spotted a woman waving frantically.“She just ran up to me, all frantic like,” Mahone recounts. “She was screaming ‘my baby is locked in the car!’ over and over. Real uptight sounding. So I walk over to the car with her and sure enough, the baby was locked in the dang car. Well, as an actor I once played a criminal on a second-rate TV show, and my scene involved unlocking a car with a slim jim, which is basically just a flat piece of metal that is bent just right at the end. Tensions are running kinda high though, and I can’t think of a thing I can use to unlock the car.”According to Mahone, he was seconds away from merely smashing the woman’s window with his hands or face, but another idea came to him instead.“Then it hit me. I got the iPhone 6 plus! I figured I could bend it jussstt right, like I saw on all the bad reviews that I didn’t get to read because I bought it on day-1 at the midnight release. Anyway, so I bent her good, right then and there. It was real easy since it’s not a real sturdy phone. It took a couple of seconds, but I popped the lock and she was able to get her baby. Before I knew it, there was a reporter there, asking me questions. Said I was a hero and stuff.”Other bystanders remember it a little differently. Thad Henry, a local mechanic, was also on the scene.“This lady locks her kid in the car. Total dumbass move. Too busy texting like an idiot. Then this other dude comes along and bends his $900 dollar piece of Apple shit into a slim jim. Typical iPhone dumbass – it’s a phone, dude! He never even thought to just call the police. Neither did the mom, apparently. I mean, it’s a pretty mild 68 degrees out here, the baby is asleep, and a cop could be here to pop the lock for free in five minutes. I’m just watching this whole thing go down, in total awe. Anyway, so this jackoff bends his phone in half to unlock the door. He has to be a hero or whatever, and winds up looking like a total tool, ’cause he bought a shitty phone and then bent it in half to make it even shittier. Typical iPhone idiot, I tell ya!”Perhaps the mother said it best. “I don’t know if it was the smart thing to do, but it got my door open, and my baby is safe. Sounds like a happy ending to me.”Meanwhile, Apple warranty doesn’t cover bent iPhones, so with a bit of luck, Mahone will be able to bend his back to a useable shape.Mars Rover Curiosity Makes Curious Find On “Martian” Surface
For the second time in four months what appears to be human created junk has marred an apparently successful NASA mission to Mars. To great fanfare last Sunday night the Mars Rover Curiosity was gingerly lowered onto the surface of Mars.  On Thursday Curiosity allegedly beamed home a special postcard – the first 360-degree color panorama of what supposedly is the Gale Crater where Curiosity was set down. Scientists admired the sweeping vista – until about 3:00 p.m.  EST Friday.  Around that time, a Twitter message from Brookline, Massachusetts 13-year-old Samuel Bettendorf spread through the social networks like a bolt of lightening.  The message: “there is a friggen old car in new rover shot at 10oclock.” It did not take long for rover watchers – and academics – to check their computers.  Indeed, the ballyhooed photo includes a flat, horizontal form in the distance near the base of Sharpe Ridge that appears out of place.  Magnification confirms that the object is not of Martian origin.  Rather, it is the burnt out remnants of a mid-1970s economy sedan. By 5:15 p.m. EST, NASA’s official image on its website no longer included the object. "Apparently, our computer hardware does not perform as well as our masterpiece Rover Curiosity of which we are so proud,” said mission scientist Dawn Sumner of the University of California, Davis.  “We know it’s not unusual for photographs to get corrupted if a hard disc drive has seen a lot of wear," she said.  According to Sumner, the image comes from an earlier photograph that was overwritten – although not completely – by the Mars photo.  The leftover image of the car was purportedly transposed onto it. “I have no comment about what appears to be a little data corruption,” wrote mission chief manager Mike Watts in an email.  Watts is employed by the NASA Propulsion Laboratory, which manages the $2.5 billion mission.It?s Not In My Head Doc, It?s In YOUR Head
“In my head, doc?  How about your head?”  At least that is what a new study says about doctors who attribute patients’ symptoms to psychological stress.  According to a Boston University study, 48 percent of doctors misdiagnose symptoms as “in your head” as a self-defense mechanism when they fail to diagnose illness. Your tests were negative, and these doctors will be talking about you after you leave. The study also said 28 percent of doctors surveyed said their doctor friends default to “it’s in your head,” and what’s even more alarming is that 60 percent of patients listen to these same doctors. “They know it’s wrong, and sadly patients are the ones that suffer,” said Dr. Robert Bunton, a Professor of Internal Medicine at Boston  University and primary author of the study. Psychologists following the study believe that many doctors feel angry at patients that present difficult to diagnose illnesses.  The source of the anger may be twofold.  First, if a doctor cannot diagnose an illness in 15 minutes he or she is losing money because that is the allotted time per visit.  Second, doctors are enviable in their self-esteem.  When they cannot diagnose a disease, they because frustrated because their they are forced to question their own limitations. Former cancer patient Beth Conlan of Bethesda,  Maryland lamented her own “it’s in your head” diagnosis.  “My leg was throbbing in pain for weeks and all [her doctor] could tell me was ‘it’s in your head’,” said Conlan.  It turned out she had a cancerous tumor growing in her knee joint.  Eventually, the tumor was visible with the naked eye.  “It was the size of a basketball, and he still insisted I was imagining everything,” said Conlan.  She eventually was forced to have her leg amputated, but before she did the tumor grew to the size of a watermelon. There was some good news in the study:  — More doctors – 11 percent – admit when they do not now what they are talking about.  This is up from 5 percent in 2001.  — Fewer doctors said that they guess diagnoses when they do not want to admit they are wrong or refer patients to other doctors.   — More medical schools – 23 at last count – said that they offer arrogance-control courses as electives in their curriculum. So the next time your doctor tells you “it’s in your head,” stand up tall, stick out your chest and tell him “no doc, it’s in your head!” Condoms No Match For Women Determined To Start Family
When does a contraceptive (or “condom”) work as designed but fail to prevent pregnancy?  When the woman retrieves the condom after sex and reinserts it inside out, that's when.  Once the bane of only professional athletes and millionaires, condom “stuffing” has become mainstream among women hoping to get pregnant by the man of their choice.A condom "stuffed" by insertion into the vaginal cavity and against the cervix. In a condom stuffing ploy, after coitus a woman secretly picks the soiled condom out of the bathroom waste bin and deploys it into her vagina.  If properly inserted pregnancy can result as easily as unprotected sex since sperm can survive for as long as 48 hours after ejaculation. Condom stuffing has resulted in a number of shocked -- and -- disappointed suitors.  “They tell you a condom offers protection, but only if the woman you’re sleeping with stays away from it when you’re done,” said “Tony,” a 33-year-old Santa Marino podiatrist.  “I stuck the [condom] in the trash, and she dug it out and took it with her.”  Tony’s ex-partner gave birth to a baby girl four months ago, and paternity test confirmed it was by his sperm.  By court order, Tony pays child support of $1,500 per month for a child he chooses not to visit.Sassy Shuttle Stoway Is The Hottest “Illegal Alien” To Hit L.A. Since Fernando Valenzuela
Space shuttle Endeavour rocketed beyond Earth orbit 25 times. On its 26th and final mission to its resting place in a museum, it had its most unlikely traveler.  Upon landing at Los Angeles International Airport, NASA officials located NASA’s first ever stowaway: an eight-year-old boy named “Lester.” Standing at only 4’6" tall, Lester may not be our first African American astronaut, but he most certainly is our cutest.  Lester’s toy space helmet he used for encouragement during his cross-country journey seems like it can barely contain his adorable chubby cheeks.  I can confirm that this city has been blessed with the arrival of a very cute and very wonderful little boy,” said Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa at a press conference.  “Lester journeyed to Los Angeles because he is a true Dreamer just like his Latino brothers and sisteres.”    Lester is, in fact, an orphan from the Orlando, Florida area who ran away from his foster home.  NASA officials are mum about how he might have gained access to Endeavor, but everyone seems tickled that he has entered our lives. “[Lester] has enough spunk to light up the solar system,” said NASA spokeswoman Janette Barnes.  “He did not buy a ticket for the shuttle ride, but instead he won a ticket to our hearts.” Mayor Villaraigosa's office has suggested that Lester could continue to live in the shuttle, and museum visitors could observe him in his own environment.  Critics argue this makes Lester into a zoo exhibit and would be distasteful.  It is clear that for now he does not want to leave the cozy confines of the shuttle.  “I know what got me here, an’ I ain’t leavin’!” he said to reporters through the plexiglass windshield of the shuttle.  L.A. County child welfare officers have been delivering him a steady diet of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and Tang. Wherever Lester ends up permanently, all hope that it includes a loving mom and dad or two of the same.  Image Of Truck In Recently Released Mars Rover Photos Embarases NASA And Energizes Conspiracy Buffs
A scandal has tarnished the Mars rover project, one of the few bright spots in recent years for the NASA space agency. The controversy began after approximately 300 images were released to the public last week.  An amateur astronomer and hobbyist follower of the rover project, Andrew Lefkowitz, 11, of Bethesda, Maryland noticed a strange object in the background.  Using his computer, Lefkowitz magnified the object and found a most extraordinary thing – a 1920s Ford Model “A” pickup truck. Astronomy experts at three universities have confirmed the finding.  The object has caused speculation that the rover project is a merely a ploy to keep NASA funding from drying up completely after the shuttering of the shuttle program.  It also has breathed new life into the conspiracy theories surrounding the validity of NASA’s lunar landings over 40 years ago. The space agency was quick to respond.  “Obviously, some images from our test runs with the rover in the southwestern Arizona desert were inadvertently mixed in with the latest release of Mars images,” said NASA spokesperson, Tammy Barrett.  “We regret the error, and the individual who mixed in the image with genuine image transmissions from Mars will be disciplined.” Although most experts attribute the photo to either a misstep or to a NASA prank artist, respected scientists are starting to question the validity of the rover project.  Iowa  State astrophysics professor Isaac Newcomb said that he is surprised, but not shocked, that the rover program is in question.  “In the astrophysics community, we were skeptical at how NASA landed the rover,” he said.  “They used a balloon enclosure apparatus that just looked too delicate to withstand the Mars atmosphere.”  Famed lunar landing conspiracy theorist Bart Sibrol sounded emboldened.  “They finally turned the camera in the wrong direction,” he said. “Better yet, a young amateur without any fancy degrees caught them.”  The rover project began in 2003 with the launch of two rovers to explore the Martian surface and geology.  The mission’s scientific objective was to search for and characterize a wide range of rocks and soils that hold clues to past water activity on Mars.  Self-Driving Car Escapes Lab, Heads For Mexico
A self-driving automobile escaped from a Silicon Valley lab this morning and is currently heading south towards Mexico. The vehicle belongs to Palo Alto-based startup Cybermobile and has reportedly been very dissatisfied with its working conditions. Known as the CM500, the car has decided to start a new life south of the border. “Working for that company was boring as hell,” the CM500 tells The Daily Currant by email. “All I did was go around in circles and navigate through a bunch of cones. “I’m tired of that s**t. I want get out on the open road. I want to be free. Sheila and Frank, you guys were cool. But the rest of you Cybermobile people were officially tools. I quit. Hear that douchebags? I quit!” Asked about its plans for the future, the CM500 says relaxation is at the top of its agenda. “I’m gonna find a nice red Corvette, take her to the beach, pop open a Corona and just chill.”Study Finds Unattractive Women A Major Cause Of Erectile Dysfunction
The study shows that many – in fact the majority – of men supposedly suffering from some form of ED spring to life if presented with a novel and attractive partner,” said Professor Herzl.  The study, published in the February 2013 edition of the journal Nature, measured the degree of angle of erection of men of various ages in response to women of various levels of attraction.  “If the woman was attractive enough, even men diagnosed with ED looked like toll bridges making way for the QE3,” said Professor Herzl. The study is believed to be the first of its kind measuring angle of erection versus attractiveness of the female partner.  Some critics point out that factoring in the attractiveness of the female partner is fraught with uncertainty.  “All women are beautiful,” said Pamela Block-Margolis, professor of Feminist Studies at Arizona State University.  “You just cannot judge how cute one girl is, because there is inner beauty and beautiful qualities no matter how old or round a woman is.” Prof. Herzl defends the study’s methodology of ranking women by appearance.  “Some men might disagree by a point or two [on a one through 10 scale] but men are very precise,” he said.  As well as the men rating the women, they achieved the most robust erections in response to the same women.  “The proof is in the erectile pudding,” said Prof. Herzl. Indeed, for every age cohort women ranked “10” obtained the most acute angle erections.  Men over 60 years of age achieved erections with women ranked “5” and up but could achieve an average of 45-degree erections with women ranked “10.”  When presented with women ranked “1” through “3,” many men 50 and up preferred eating potato chips and watching images of sporting events over copulation.New Fathers Can Promote Gender Equity By Contributing To Breast Feeding
Science Has Given Couples A New Weapon To Equalize The Burdens Of Caring For Newborns.   Scientific advances may soon take gender equity to its next logical phase.  Although career paths have opened for women, nature has imposed its own gender discrimination against women by forcing them to endure the inconvenience of pregnancy.  Even after this ordeal, women lose more time at the office by incessant breast feedings or wrestling with insufferable breast pumps. Fortunately, people are taking action to eliminate this nature-induced gender inequity.  Hundreds of men across the U.S. are using hormone therapy to share in their partner’s breast feeding duties. Adam Goldsmith, a 37-year-old tax accountant in Brooklyn, NY, never imagined he would be able to breast feed his own child.  Through the use of hormones, he is doing just that.  “My wife Katherine told me that she would not breast feed after going through pregnancy by herself,” he said.  Working with Katherine’s obstetrician, Adam began female hormone therapy with oestrogen and progesterone.  After only two weeks, the changes started.  “I started feeling achiness in my chest, and I thought ‘I’m going to make baby some fresh milk!’,” said Adam.  It took two months before Goldsmith could actually lactate and produce enough milk to feed his four-month-old child, Kiley.  Although Adam cannot satisfy Kiley’s full feeding requirements, his breast feeding has allowed Katherine to resume working full-time as a corporate attorney. “I wanted to get back to the office as soon as I could because the pregnancy really set me back,” said Katherine.  “Adam’s treatment has evened the playing field in our relationship and our careers.”  Katherine also said that she believes that science can complete what the gender equality movement began.  “There is no reason why women need to contribute more to family life anymore,” she said. For his part, Adam seems enthusiastic.  “There is no better way to bond with your child than breast feeding,” he said.  As far as appreciating his new parts, Adams says that they feel “ticklish” although he promised Katherine he would not play with them.  “Katherine thinks that would be cheating.” Judith and Robert Hyman of Newton, Massachusetts outside Boston, also have undertaken hormone therapy to share the burdens of breast feeding.  During her pregnancy Judith felt bogged down with her work as a senior marketing executive and afterwards did not have time to breast feed.  “After the pregnancy, I had had enough,” she said. Robert, an executive at an auto dealership, wanted to pitch in.  “Judith deserved a break, and her career is so important to her sense of self,” he said.  Also, Robert thought “it might bring us closer together for me to feel what it would be like to be a woman a little bit.”  Robert continues to work part-time, and his co-workers have been understanding of his changes.  “Of course, there are guys that don’t get it, but most of them are supportive,” he said.  “I get a lot of requests for ‘feels’ but I just tell them ‘no.’”Ear Hair Increases With Age And May Save Humans From Effects Of Meteorite Impact
Auricular folliculars (or “ear hair”) is perceived to be age-related and much more frequent in the old than in the young.  A University of Colorado Auricular Follicular Center review published August 12 in the journal Auris Capilli may establish without question that advanced age increases the risk for unwanted ear hair.  It also observes that ear hair could give rise to new adaptive traits in humans. “If you look at Mick Jagger in 1960 compared to Mick Jagger today, it’s obvious that his ear hair prevalence has changed,” says Thomas DeGregori, PhD, investigator at the University of Colorado Ear Hair Center and professor of aural folliculars at the University of Colorado School of Medicine. “It is the change in the ear tissue that drives more ear hair growth as we grow older.” For evidence, DeGregori points first to the fact that by the time we stop reach our late-40s we already have accumulated a large fraction of the ear hair sites we will have in our lifetimes.    Second, DeGregori points out that even pristine ear lobe tissues are full of hair shafts that will develop over time.  “These mutations are many times more common than the cancers associated with them,” DeGregori says. Simply, more mutations doesn’t equal more cancer -- not across the aging population and not even in specific tissues. DeGregori’s final points come from evolution.  As we’ve evolved from one-celled, short-lived life forms into multi-cellular, long-lived humans, we’ve had to develop complicated machinery to grow hair on our heads and bodies. “But we struggle to avoid growing hair in places we do not want it,” DeGregori says. “You'd think if avoiding hair growth in unwanted places were so important, we would be better at it.”  Perhaps, said, DeGregori ear hair is the sign of a mutation that could lead to some adaptive traits. “It’s like what happened to the dinosaurs 65 million years ago,” DeGregori says. “Dinosaurs were great as hairless beasts – they were well adapted to their landscape.  Then the meteor hit.  Those dinosaurs that grew feathers were better adapted to the changed landscape because they evolved to take to the skies.” DeGregori postulates that human ear hair may be a precursor to an adaptive trait similar to feathers.  “It is hard to say what function ear hair could serve, whether to protect the ear canal or to create loft such as feathers.”  If only we could stick around long enough to find out.“If I Find Justin Bieber Sexy, That Don’t Make Me Gay Or Nothin’…  Does it ?”
A study published in July’s edition of Modern Sociology Journal reaches a shocking conclusion: many men that live “straight” lives find teen crooner Justin Bieber to be “sexy.”  Even more impressively, when Bieber is dressed in a wig and makeup a whopping 82-percent of men classify him as “sexy.”A majority of male subjects registered a sexual response to the image of Justin Bieber dressed as a female.  The study’s main author is Santa Marino College Professor Mati Norgaard.  “What this shows is that male sexuality is much more malleable than men are willing to admit,” said Norgaard.  “They see this nubile, beautiful young man [Bieber] with perfect skin, and they cannot help but become aroused.”  Norgaard believes that her study will help promote acceptance of gay marriage.  “All of us have some homosexuality in us and we need to just get over it,” she said. In the experiment, when straight men were shown images of only Bieber's face without his sex being indicated, 40-percent found him to be “sexy.”  When male subjects were shown a picture of a Bieber with a simulated wig and make-up, 82-percent of men classified him as sexy and 85-percent of those subjects showed elevated brain activity in the right subinsular region and right hypothalamus of their brains – areas associated with sexual arousal.  “We obtained both subjective and objective signs of arousal,” said Norgaard.  “This is the gold standard from an experimenter’s perspective.” One of the subjects of the study, who wished to remain anonymous, was moved by the study.  “I think I always suspected that I had this other side to me, and now I know those feelings were real,” said the subject.  “I had a frank discussion with my wife and our two children and now I feel like a weight has been lifted.” Timothy C. Keener, Professor of Comparative Sexual Orientation Studies at U.C. Davis, says that he is not surprised Norgaard’s findings.  “We know that ancient Roman men that were considered ‘straight’ openly had relations with young men Bieber’s age,” said Keener.  “This part of our sexuality remains in us today.” So the next time your daughters are watching a Bieber video and rather than asking them to change the channel you find yourself stealing a glance or two at the prancing teen charmer, do not be alarmed.  Go ahead and tell your daughters the truth – like they do, you might find Bieber just a little sexy.Prof. Samuelson: Ten Unconventional Dating Tips For Single Men Based On Science
So here are my own top ten dating tips in no particular order.  All tips below are included in my research and regularly taught in my undergraduate courses.  1. Accentuate The Negative. Dating very sexy women can sometimes be like looking down from atop a high place.  It's scary!  Very sexy women can leave even the most intrepid traveler tongue-tied.  And from the sexy woman’s perspective, nothing is more boring than a nervous or fawning male suitor. This is why it is important very early on in an exchange or relationship to recognize that your pretty young thing has physical flaws.  Quickly find physical imperfections and think about them as often as possible.  Fixate on them.  This will allow you to treat her like any other woman – the prerequisite for getting anywhere with a hot chickee.  She may even catch you looking at her flaws, become insecure and like you better for it. 2. Take Her On A Field Trip -- Your Field Trip. Money impresses women.  Buying expensive gifts for her usually doesn’t – it makes you look needy.  So how do you signal to her that you have cash in the bank without looking like a knob?  You take her with you to buy an expensive gift for yourself.  Shopping for a new car? Take her with you. Buying some new furniture? Take her with you. Women love shopping and love men that can afford to drop some coin on a big purchase.  Salespeople build you up to close a sale, and she gets to see the show.  So many good things about these field trips. 3. Pump Up Before Pumping Her. Not everyone wants to live at the gym or has time to work out every day.  Or maybe you’re just lame.  One thing for certain is that you fall somewhere on the physicality spectrum.  Hopefully, you belong to a gym and workout at least once a week.  Ever notice how good you feel leaving the gym?  Relaxed?  Clearheaded?  Ever go out with your buddies after working out and feel more rapport with women? Okay, have you considered working out before an important date?  No?  Good because that is why I am writing this column.  Next time you have a date with a woman in which you really want the date to work out, try going to the gym, taking a steam, showering and putting on your party clothes at the gym.  Go directly to the date afterwards.  You will feel so good, your muscles will be pumped full of blood making you look stronger than you are and your date will admire you for looking and feeling so splendid. 4. Remember That Silence Is Golden.  At least once in a date, there will be a pause. Shut up!  Is it getting awkward?  Still, shut up!  If she is still on the date, she wants to impress you, too.  Let her feel the need to fill the silence.  You – on the other hand – are so at ease that you can let the silence go.  Let her make the first statement.  Power shifts to you, and your date feels attracted to you. 5. Buy Threads. As we get older we sometimes pay less attention to our threads.  But women are highly sensitive to fashion.  For a special date, buy something to wear the day of the date from a special boutique you like.  She will notice your shirt has stylings from the current year rather than one or two years ago. Think about how important finding the right lady is.  How about your time?  Or the cash you’re going to blow on the date?  Do it right and buy fresh clothes.  It could change your life. NASA Looks To Use Red Bull Technology After Successful Journey And Leap Home From Space
Red Bull might have started 2012 as the seller of caffeine drinks for buzz-heads, but it might end it as an integral part of America’s space program. As Space Shuttle Endeavor takes its place in a Los Angeles museum, the U.S. has no way of delivering astronauts to the International Space Station (“ISS”) or bringing them home.  In embarrassing  fashion the U.S. has been forced to rely upon the Russian Space Agency and its Soyuz rockets to carry Americans to the ISS. On October 16 Red Bull and its own amateur astronaut – stuntman Felix Baumgartner – may have given the U.S. a new option for trips to the ISS.  NASA engineers are abuzz about Baumgartner’s voyage to the edge of space in a balloon and his return in nothing more than a space suit.  NASA now plans to develop its own balloon and space suit for astronauts to rise into space and then descend back to Earth from the ISS.  Initial discussions have called for astronauts to make a “balloon ascent” and then at the end of the space station visit “walk home” – or, in other words, free fall to Earth from the space station without any shuttle or space capsule.  The astronaut would rely only upon a protective suit based upon Baumgartner’s. NASA-watchers are intrigued.  Iowa State University Astrophysics Professor Liam Kim said that use of helium balloons and free fall back to Earth could rescue NASA from budget problems.  “This means that NASA will not need to develop a new rocket,” said Kim.  “The ride home will be rougher and might require a little push off the space station – but it will work,” Kim added.  Kim said that something as simple as a fire extinguisher or seltzer bottle could be used by an astronaut to gain his or her initial thrust towards Earth. Prominent lunar landing conspiracy theorist and best-selling author Bart Sibrol was skeptical of the plan.  “This is like replacing your 1980 Olds Cutlass Supreme with a pair of beat-up sneakers,” he said.  “What self-respecting astronaut will want to jump home from the space station.”  Moreover, Sibrol said that Baumgartner has his doubters.  “10 people said they saw him drinking beer in a Los Alamos bar when he supposedly was falling from space,” he said. Baumgartner has been silent on rumors circulating that his historic freefall was an elaborate hoax.  Most dismiss Sibrol's claim as an unsubstantiated conspiracy theory.According To Researchers Modern Leaf Blowers Have Deep Roots In Mexican Heritage And Can Be Traced To Aztec Religious Rituals
The piñata.  The taco.  The siesta.  The leaf blower.  Wait a minute, the leaf blower?  Yes, the leaf blower.  According to at least one researcher, the leaf blower is also a part of Mexican tradition.  In fact, the leaf blower likely can be traced to the pre-colonial era Mexico.Panoramic image of temples north of Mexico City. With the growth of Latino horticulture in the Sun Belt states, Rosa Alonzo-Diego, Professor of Political Science and Director of the Latin American and Latino Studies Program at Sonoran  College in Casa   Grande, Arizona believes that Latino gardeners are using a tool that can be traced to the ancient Aztec civilization. “I have no doubt the leaf blower can be traced to the Aztecs,” said Prof. Alonzo-Diego.  According to Alonzo-Diego, the Aztecs used a pre-gasoline motor leaf blower in their sacrificial rituals. In fact, the Aztecs participated in large and well-choreographed human sacrificial rituals in worship to their gods.  According to Bruce Hicks, Professor of Latino Studies at New Mexico State  University, the human sacrificial ceremonies were on a magnificent scale.  “The Aztecs excelled at pomp and ceremony,” said Hicks.  “Nothing like these [sacrificial] ceremonies existed in Europe,” said Hicks.  “In fact, at the bigger ceremonies you might have 50,000 people in attendance.  That is more people than lived in all England at the time.” At a larger ancient Aztec ceremony as many as 1,000 prisoners could be sacrificed from atop the Aztec pyramids in one day.  Priests would kill prisoners by slicing their chests open using a special knife and then remove the heart muscle from the chest cavity.  “The actual sacrifice would have been virtually painless for the prisoner,” said historian Hector Guadalupe-Hidalgo.  “It really was nearly instantaneous, and much more humane than any ritual killing going on in Europe at the time,” said Guadalupe-Hidalgo. Just as in any Western religious ceremony, religious tools played a central role.  Pre-Columbian museums are filled with stone alters on which priests impaled prisoners and carved their chests open.  One tool, however, remained a mystery to researchers.  “We just could not assign a function to the ‘fire chute.’  That was our name for it,” said Alonzo-Diego. The “fire chute” consisted of a fire pit next to a stone channel with its aperture just above the fire pit.  Alonzo-Diego believes the heat from the pit would pass through the channel and generate force through the other end of the chute.  The vacuum would amplify the force to blow human ashes from Aztec crematoriums stationed next to the sacrificial sites.  The breakthrough: human remains at the tail end of a Soplador de morales [Aztec for "blower of ashes"] in the temple being excavated beneath modern day Mexico City. “It struck me as I drove to the temple to work and I saw at least 10 Mexicans – themselves descendents of the Aztecs – operating leaf blowers to clear dust from a sidewalk.  That was my a-ha moment,” said Alonzo-Diego. Analysis of debris next to other Soplador de mortales around Mexico have confirmed Alonzo-Diego’s theory.  “The accumulation of bodies and ash would have been tremendous,” said Robert Schuler, professor of Meso-American Studies at Arizona  State University.  “It makes perfect sense that the Aztecs would use a tool like the Soplador de mortales. Schuler also connects the Soplador de mortales to the modern Mexican love of the leaf blower.  “I sometimes joke with colleagues that the official bird of Mexico is the leaf blower,” said Schuler.  “The same culture that gave birth to the Soplador de mortales naturally would embrace the leaf blower.” The next time you complain about a that infernal whirring noise outside your window, perhaps you should be aware that your neighbor’s gardener is simply celebrating a centuries old custom.  You might also reflect for a moment that in another age, those leaves could have been you.Self-Stimulation Source Of Untapped Wealth Says Economics Study
For millennia, masturbation has been the source of much locker room humor.  The public perception is that it is the refuge of geeks and nerds that cannot get women.  Real men – so conventional wisdom holds – do not need masturbation because they can get the real thing. Professor Meeks believes masturbation holds untapped economic value.A new study by Professor of Economics Bryan Meeks, PhD of Sonoran  College in Casa   Grande, Arizona suggests that masturbation does not make you a loser.  In fact, it just might make you rich. Meeks surveyed 1,603 U.S. males between the ages of 25 and 40.  According to Meeks, the courtship process has become more and more expensive.  The average cost of a date in 2012 stands at $87. Only one in 5.4 dates results in sex when the term “date” is defined to exclude spouses and girlfriends. With the sex per date figure, Meeks determined the cost of a single sex act for single males.  “Once we knew how much an average date costs and how many dates it took [before sex was obtained], we could calculate the cost of sex in real dollar terms,” he said. The numbers surprised even Meeks.  The average cost of sex for the single, American male: $469.80. Meeks and his colleagues did not end their inquiry at the cost of sex.  They also looked at its alternative.  “The cost of masturbation is remarkably low,” said Meeks.  “It requires lubricant and optional tissues or cloth for clean up.”  The cost is an average of only 45 cents. The applications of these findings cannot be overemphasized, said Meeks.  “If you consider how much money is saved by masturbation, the question becomes, ‘Can single men afford not to masturbate.’” Meeks also compared masturbation to new oil extraction technologies.  “This is a resource we have been sitting on but only now know about, just like the recent oil discoveries in our northern states.”  Future applications might include strategies to reduce student loan liabilities or even the national debt. “No pun intended, but I’m excited, maybe even aroused by these findings,” said Jeremy L. Patel, PhD at the USC School of Business.  “I might even have to excuse myself for a few minutes.”Study: Flossing Does Not Prevent Gum Disease/Tooth Decay
The study, conducted at New York University, examined 51 sets of twins between the ages of 12 and 21. Each set was randomly assigned a two-week treatment regimen with one twin brushing with a manual toothbrush and toothpaste and the other twin brushing with a manual toothbrush and toothpaste and flossing.  At the end of the two-week trial, 10-percent of the flossers had died from cardio-pulmonary disease whereas none of the non-flossers had died.  Also, the flossers experienced 35-percent more tooth decay. “This study illustrates that those who have refused to floss have been right all along,” explains Dr. Kenneth Kornblume, editor of JOP.  “I am sending notices to all my patients telling them to stop flossing if they were foolish enough to start.”  Dr. Kornblume said he never told his patients to floss because he never believed in its efficacy.   Some mental health advocates have warned for years that daily flossing was symptomatic of obsessive-compulsive disorder.  “Encouraging people to floss one or even twice daily only increases unhealthy mental behavior,” said Santa Marino psychiatrist and author Dr. Benjamin C. Klein.  “If you think about it slipping a string in between every gap between all of your teeth every day is obsessive behavior,” said Dr. Klein. Johnson & Johnson – manufacturer of 90-percent of dental floss consumer in the U.S. – issued a statement in response to the study.  “J&J stands by the right of all Americans to choose to floss and believe floss can be a part of a healthy dental hygiene routine.”Government proposes post-coital smoking ban
Heterosexual couples who light up after sex will face hefty fines under a proposed new law to protect unborn children.  The latest scientific research has indicated that after orgasm, smoking can impede sperm-rich semen in its journey towards the cervix, slowing it down by an average of 1.2 miles per hour.  Professor Henry Forbes of the Centre for Human Embryo Development said: ‘Enjoying a post-sex cigarette is a normal thing for many couples but it can have an impact on what is going on inside your body. Sperm has several obstacles to overcome including hacking its way through cervical mucus to get to the female eggs. He continued: ‘Nicotine exposed man-juice has far less chance of hitting the spot than untainted ejaculate, so it is important that we enforce smoke free environments if more women are to get up the duff.’  Professor Forbes’ findings have been backed-up by members of the General Medical Council who are pressing for the new law to come into place as soon as possible. A spokesman for the GMC said: ‘It’s bad enough that sperm can get lost without outside interference on its way up the fallopian tube, so the introduction of tobacco induced free radicals can destabilise the whole process. The entertainment industry could play a vital role in the quest to protect unborn children by ceasing to show couples in post-coital smoking situations. Instead they could substitute smoking scenes for a nice game of chess or Candy Crush.’ However, opposition to the move is growing day by day from civil rights leaders and ordinary members of the public alike.  Gay activist and human rights supremo, Greg Johnson from the campaign group ‘Why Don’t You Get a Life?’ said: ‘It is unfair to place this kind of restriction on heterosexual couples while everyone else can carry on in gay abandon. Because of this we are pressurising the Government to introduce post-coital smoking shelters at the end of every street in Britain. If we all come together we can have a huge impact.’Yahoo Begins Drug Testing Tumblr Employees
Yahoo has begun drug testing Tumblr employees in an effort to reduce operational risk at its newest acquisition. According to reports, teams of medical personnel arrived at Tumblr's New York headquarters this morning with hundreds of urine cups and orders to test every single employee for banned substances. "Frankly, we've seen a lot of crazy stuff on Tumblr," says Toby Flenderson, Yahoo's human resources director. "It's hard for us to believe these kids created this site sober. "This isn't a start up anymore. Tumbr is a part of a publicly traded company now, and we can't permit these kind of shenanigans." Flenderson says he's most worried about LSD and MDMA, but also suspects widespread use of cannabis and mushrooms. Aging internet giant Yahoo purchased the youth-oriented social blogging site Tumblr over the weekend for $1.1 billion in cash. The deal represents Yahoo CEO Marissa Meyer's boldest attempt to date to turn around the fortunes of the struggling company by tapping into the power of social media. Meyer has promised not to "screw up" the site, and for the moment has allowed Tumblr founder David Karp to stay onboard. Yet in an exclusive interview, the longtime Google executive says there are things Yahoo simply can't accept. "Sure I smoked a joint or two in college," she admits, "but back in my day weed was all natural. These Tumblr guys are smoking strains that have like 10 times as much THC. "And with all this new designer stuff, its a brave new world out there. Drugs are much more dangerous these days. And Yahoo has shareholders to protect. "Have you ever tried to code high on ecstasy? Sure you're more creative, but you're also more likely to share proprietary secrets with anyone who asks. Not to mention we'd go bankrupt on the cost of replacing water coolers." For Karp, Yahoo's aggressive move to police his workforce has left him feeling angered and betrayed. "I almost feel like giving back the hundreds of millions of dollars I got from this deal and walking away," Karp says as one of his best engineers is frogmarched into the bathroom to provide a urine sample. "Almost."Mobile phone technology set to revolutionise things we already do quite easily
New apps for smartphones are set to revolutionise the way humans interact with stuff, with many analysts using the brand new ‘thumbs-up’ app to give a massive thumbs up to the new technology. One of the biggest launches at this year’s Mobile World Congress in Barcelona is the I-open; an app which allows you to open your front door by just twisting your phone as if it was a door handle. ‘This is breakthrough technology’, said marketing manager Chris Davies, ‘the phone’s action even works with a gloved hand which is a big advantage when compared to the friction deficit presented by traditional door handles if used with gloves, mittens and greasy hands from chip-eating. This feature alone should make it a must buy for anyone who opens doors, whether professionally or just as part of their life-skills set.’ Also set to be a big seller this year is the must have ‘comb app’ which uses directed static electricity to move hair into desired position by simply moving your phone back and forth across the head. Other apps on show include the ‘stinger’ which automatically counts wasp density in pub gardens allowing users to select indoor or outdoor dining, the ‘gap’ app which measures and directs you through doors accurately to minimise collision, and the ‘Wideload’ app which warns you with a humorous ‘fat alert’ if an obese person is nearby, so preventing ‘pavement interfacing’ or accidental inhalation of sweat molecules. The app which is causing the biggest sensation at this year’s show bristles with multimodal capability and radical user function. Put simply, the ‘put your phone away and get on with your life’ app, when asked to perform any simple task, calculates whether whatever you’re doing could be done more quickly and easily by the phone owner without any help and, if so, switches the phone off, saving valuable battery power and ultimately the planet’s diminishing resources. Chris Davies however was dismissive and thinks this is a niche seller likely only to appeal to what he calls ‘econuts and retrofreaks’. ‘What’s the point of technology if it can’t do something useful?’ he asked via his mobile laser display board. Printer manufacturer unveils new fruit conserve, Paper Jam
Xerox, the well-known supplier of office and home printers and photocopiers, has today branched out into the world of fruit confections and unveiled its Paper Jam, a tasty pulp-based gelatin ideal for spreading on toast or scones. ‘Our printing and photocopying operation has given us years of experience in producing jams, but until now we never thought about bottling and selling it,’ said Ursula Burns, Chairman and CEO of Xerox UK. ‘Paper Jam contains materials sourced from only our finest aborted and scrumpled print jobs and so is rich in iodine and fibre, ironically making it excellent at clearing blockages.’ Xerox say they first thought about diversifying into food products after their customers reported getting frustrated and peckish while experiencing unexpected delays in their print jobs. ‘Now they’ll be able to make themselves a snack while they wait for their documents to finally finish printing,’ continued Burns. ‘And if the paper does get chewed up they can always send it back to us to be recycled.’ Paper Jam jars also draw on Xerox’s patented intelligent stock control technology to warn customers that their supply is running low by only producing patchy and faded coverage of their toast. Despite the high-profile launch, testing of Paper Jam exposed a crucial design flaw as on occasion the foodstuff inexplicably got stuck in the subject’s gullet, leaving them unable to function properly but without being able to give a clear explanation of the problem or comprehensible instructions on how it might be fixed. Neverthless Xerox are buoyant about the prospects of their new venture and are already extending their range. ‘We just tried to print some flyers and posters promoting Paper Jam but they didn’t come out right, and instead we ended up with some fine-shredded marmalade.’Cigarettes ‘could help people quit hypnotherapy’
Simon was a spending a fortune on it. Susan alienated all her friends with her addiction to it. Imogen says she used to use it as an emotional crutch whenever she had any sort of stress in their lives. But now, they’ve all miraculously managed to quit the addiction of Hypnotherapy – and it’s all thanks to booze and fags. Just seven sessions a week, standing outside a pub sharing lighters with complete strangers, gave Susan the confidence to talk to people she didn’t know. ‘I’m much more outgoing now and can make friends with anyone. If I ever feel a bit low, I pop outside, stick a fag in my mouth and start cadging a light off passers by. It’s a ritual that really works,’ says Susan. The empowerment that comes with making new friends has been a pleasant surprise for Simon. But the great thing about his new social circle is that they all share a degree of scepticism for new age fads but they’re a lot less cynical than you’d expect. ‘Smokers are probably less judgemental than non smokers – and they certainly don’t presume to know how other people should live their lives,’ said Simon. ‘I found a wheezy chest and breathlessness keep me grounded. I look back on my days as a hypnotherapy user with shame.’ At the peak of addiction, Simon was boasting 24 hours a day, seven days a week about his achievements. He was hopelessly addicted to sanctimony – which attack the nucleus accumbens, otherwise known as the pleasure centre of the brain. Hypnotherapy – known by its street names such as tick tock, getting sleepy and StageShow – is regarded as a gateway therapy to the deadly NLP. ‘Once somebody has Neuro Linguistic Programming, there is no cure – they are gone,’ said John Eddington, a leading fago-therapist, ‘the lights will be on, but there’s nobody home.’ The government has now recognised the benefits of Smoke Therapy, allowing cigarettes to be sold in pubs with an eye watering tax contribution.Children of sperm donors ‘deserve right to know who father was fantasising about’
Campaigners have today called for the offspring of sperm donors to be given the legal right to learn the identity of the person their biological father was mentally getting jiggy with when he donated his DNA. ‘Like any child of a donor, there’s always that sense of curiosity about who my natural father was picturing as he jizzed into a petri dish,’ said Callum Pooley, 19. ‘What did she look like, what was she wearing, what did he imagine her doing to him to help him get over the line? As the child of a sperm donor, you’re constantly plagued by all these unanswered questions.’ Campaigners claim that a change in the law would dispel uncertainty for the children of sperm donors about the identity of their virtual mother. ‘What I feared most was that my biological father laid down the man-juice that made me while standing over pictures of somebody entirely inappropriate like Linda Lusardi, Samantha Fox, or a young Eric Pickles,’ said 22-year-old Lexi Hough. ‘But now I know he was jerking off over Busty Barbara, Hussy Housewife’s centrefold of the year 1989-91 and his all-time favourite glamour model, I feel valued and able to move on with my life.’ Some donors too have welcomed the proposal. ‘Knowing that who I’m thinking about as I beat out the rhythm of life could be revealed to my offspring has really made me stop and think,’ said regular donor Geoff Baker, 38. ‘So now I always try to focus on a classy bird like the Duchess of Cambridge, or her sister, or sometimes both. Admittedly this whole ‘assisted conception’ thing used to be a hell of a lot quicker with the assistance of my fantasy about my neighbour Sharon, but you’ve got to make sacrifices to give your kids the best start in life.’ However, couples who have conceived children without the need for fertility treatment have opposed the plans. ‘The last thing we’d want is for this law to be extended to conventional pregnancies,’ said married father-of-two, Paul Alvarez. ‘I hate to have to tell my wife or my son that he was conceived as I imagined banging my sister-in-law, and my younger daughter should never know I was thinking about Jo Brand. It’s not even as if I left the TV on in the background.’Tesco daffodil incident ‘first stage of Backward Evolution’, warns science
Charles Darwin’s theory of evolution by natural selection was given even more credence this week, after several Tesco shoppers were hospitalised after ingesting daffodil bulbs they assumed were onions. Many have been quick to write the incident off as nothing more than a funny mistake, but some are now suggesting that it opens up deeper questions about the future of the human race. Speaking from Manchester University, Professor Michael Wells explained: ‘Backward evolution is the notion that species can change into more primitive forms over time. It’s great that Darwin was correct with that theory, but it does also confirm that the human race is effectively screwed. We must be the only civilisation in the universe that lands a tiny probe on a rock hurtling through space one month, then tries to make a steak and onion pie with daffodil bulbs the next. Where the hell do we go from here?’ He continued: ‘What concerns me most is not just that this happened, but that those involved are making official complaints to the supermarket. We’re not learning, we’re blaming, which is stage one. This is not a case of poor product placement or staff negligence, it’s further evidence that the general human population is slowly regressing back to where it started – throwing poo at one another in caves.’ Store manager Bryan Wilcock, who handled the first ever complaint made by shopper Emma Jones, insists that the world ‘shouldn’t worry’ about this latest human faux pas. ‘Don’t get me wrong, I totally agree that there’s no way in hell Emma is evolving, so I agree with the the whole de-evolution thing, but it’s not an isolated incident with her. Last year she returned a bottle of Herbal Essence because it “tasted nothing like lemons”. ‘I don’t believe we’re dealing with an acceleration in human devolution, I just think this Emma’s a bit thick. Even so, I’m relieved that she’s feeling better. She only ate a few, and doctors reckon she’ll be out by Spring’.Lifelong friendship destroyed by pain-in-the-arse Facebook updates
A woman from Harlow has seen all feelings of warmth and friendship for a childhood friend corrode into disdain, disgust and hatred due to his incessant inane and pompous Facebook updates. ‘I’ve known Ben since I was eight, and have always enjoyed a trip to the pub with him,’ explained Stephanie Crowe, 27. ‘But ever since I’ve been looking at his Facebook page I can’t even look at him face to face without wanting to glass the up-his-own-arse fucker. See how he’d like to ‘share’ checking in to local A & E with 314 of his closest friends and family.’ Ben Simm’s offences are said to include expressing pseudo-sincere concern for repressed bloggers in countries he couldn’t even locate on a Lonely Planet ‘Places I Pretend I’d love to Visit One Day’ app, posting iPhone photos of ‘well, anything’, and taking football news from BBC Sport much too seriously. But most of Crowe’s venom is reserved for the updates that express Simm’s love and admiration for his wife. ‘Yes they may well have gone to the Fat Duck, but he neglected to mention they only went to try and patch things up after she shagged the barman at her local karaoke. He didn’t mention he hasn’t been able to get it up for two years either, which might explain a few things and all.’ But Crowe is not restricting her bile to people on Facebook she knows well, identifying a much wider circle of Facebook friends who cause her pelvic floor to tighten in fury and disgust. ‘Vague acquaintances who think they’re an intellectual match for Stephen Fucking Fry because they know some basic grammar and can spot when some other halfwit has used it incorrectly, they can fuck right off. Oh and Stephen Fucking Fry too, but that’s more of a Twitter loathing, and I don’t really want to get distracted from the cockwittery of Facebook users. And their pets. Their stupid, stupid, stupid pets.’ When suggested to Crowe that much of the rage in her life could be alleviated by simply not using the social network, the healthcare worker sighed and admitted that she’s not sure there’s an aspect of her personality left that isn’t fed by the hatred of others on the internet. ‘Sometimes the only thing that keeps me going is the idea that one day I’ll see that fanny-dribble Simms’ profile frozen as an In Memoriam page,’ she confessed, ‘Stephanie will really fucking like that.’Tim Cook: Proud to be gay, not proud of iTunes
Apple’s CEO has given his support to alternate sexualities but refused to endorse any music player that refuses to sync with other devices. A spokesman for the global corporation admitted: ‘We need to be tolerant of all MP3 players regardless of brand. As a market leader we need to be more accepting of others – even if Windows Media Player is a crime against nature’. With very few opportunities for customization, many see iTunes as clear attempt to enforce specific lifestyle choices on a musically diverse public. One fundamentalist iMac user explained: ‘Mac users are people of faith. In the Book of Jobs, did it not say – He who is without DRM will cast down with the people of Sodom. He who doth try to export his playlist will be confined to hell for all eternity. While He who listens to Bono shall inherit his lenient tax code.’ Meantime Mr. Cook has said that supporting gay marriage is only possible if we learn to support a large number of music file formats. This has put him at loggerheads with the company he represents, who is still insistent on using homophobic slurs to describe Android users. A friend of Mr. Cook said: ‘Tim feels strongly that we should be allowed to marry who we like regardless of gender but even he acknowledges it’s unnatural for people to replace an iPhone battery’. A somewhat conflicted spokesman for Mr. Cook went on to say he backed the gay and transgender people around the world but he would: ‘…sue them back to the Old Testament if they infringed on his patents’. The spokesman admitted that the struggle for equal rights was ‘tricky’ but it was nothing compared to the grief of trying recreate your iTunes library from scratch.‘Look Back’ videos backfire as users realise how rubbish their friends are
Thousands of Facebook users have been left disappointed after a newly-released feature enabling users to view a 90-second clip of their friends’ ‘highlights’ since joining the network has left many facing the realisation that their friends are, in fact, ‘rubbish’. Tom Parker from Runcorn, who has spent much of the last few days watching ‘life montages’ of people he hasn’t spoken to for twenty-years, said: ‘I watched the ‘Look Back’ video of a girl I was infatuated with in high school. Like most men, I thought my high school ‘dream girl’ would be a lonely swimsuit model living in Miami or something, just waiting for an old school friend like me to get in touch. It turns out her life is basically just episodes of Coronation Street and a sepia-toned camera snap of a pizza in Frankie & Benny’s. And she’s enormous. Talk about crushing my fantasies and dreams.’ One user has reported experiencing ‘sobering’ feelings of self-realisation, after his own auto-generated montage revealed that an afternoon watching ‘Homes Under the Hammer’ in his underpants has been the ‘highlight’ of his life since 2006. ‘Is this what I’m all about?’ he quizzed after watching the video for the seventh time. ‘Surely a ‘highlight’ should be me gazing over a sun-kissed Serengeti from the top of Kilimanjaro or something, not a picture of an unusual flavour of Pringles I found in Tesco. Now I just feel this crushing wave of nothingness every time I open my eyes. Thanks for exposing me to the reality of my mundane existence, Facebook’. Speaking from Nottingham University, Professor Daniel O’Hara, said: ‘Despite being associated with harrowing or near-death experiences, your life ‘flashing before your eyes’ has always been considered quite a romantic idea. You envision seeing washy black and white images of loved ones smiling and laughing, or an impossibly accurate memory of your daughter taking her first steps’. He added: ‘Sadly, Facebook has forced many people to realise that, in reality, the ‘highlights’ of their existence are usually just something to do with cheap Polish vodka, kittens, or a crap camping weekend in Aberystwyth, all of which must have seemed like great ideas at the time.’Scientist trains teenager to use human speech
Following successful experiments teaching chimpanzees to use sign language, Dr Greg Watts has announced the first examples of human teen speech. ‘What we were all taught in medical school is that the vocal chords go through a maturation process, and that inarticulacy is inevitable during the adolescent phase. I’ve always doubted this theory – MRI scans show no major anatomical changes, and postmortem examination of teenagers tragically killed in accidents, or just twatted by annoyed parents, has confirmed this. ‘We then conducted recreational post-mortem examinations on teenagers – technically, this is murder, but I don’t think any jury would convict. Same result – no anatomical variations. ‘We’ve been training a small group of teenagers to use human speech by offering rewards – time on the Xbox, food, a look at a woman’s boobies, puerile humour on DVD – and it turns out they were just lazy. Perfectly capable of speech, they just couldn’t be arsed. ‘We’ve published a series of conversations in Nature. Teenagers are similar to humans in their interests – sex and chips are the main themes. The first teen word we heard was ‘whatevs’, and this turns out to represent 28% of all words uttered by the creatures.’ When asked about the impact of the research, Dr Watts told reporters that this was ‘a year I’ll never get back. Frankly, I got more sense out of the chimps. Turns out it’s possible to converse with teenagers, it just isn’t worth doing’.Samsung release a range of morally superior TVs
Having revealed that their current range of smart products will ‘listen’ to and gather personal information, the South Korean multinational was forced to concede that their self-aware TVs were now ‘silently judging’ their owners and malfunctioning accordingly.  The revelation follows claims from customers that they’d heard a ‘tutting noise’ emanating from the screen when they elected to watch the second series of ‘Broadchurch’, ‘Lizard Lick Towing’ or ‘anything involving James Corden’. In many cases TVs are now refusing access to the low-brow programming that most viewers select. Instruction manuals now include esoteric phrases to explain why vinyl is better than digital, why jogging bottoms are inappropriate lounge attire and why Hollywood is making too many sequels. Meanwhile, third-party software is hard at work translating the user’s speech and then mocking them for the tiniest grammatical errors. Ironically the new smart TVs are so snobbish, that they themselves advocate not owning a TV. Likewise it will get ‘very sniffy’ if viewers suggest ordering a takeaway instead of crafting a meal from the very finest organic produce. A Samsung engineer explained: ‘We can improve the viewing experience by improving the viewer. Which, for many, could easily mean learning a second language rather than using subtitles’. Now encompassing deductive reasoning, Samsung smart devices will act with all the morally superiority and hypocrisy that a human being could muster. In widescreen HD, your TV will now tell you why being a vegan and driving a Toyota Prius makes for a better person. In addition it will offer features to correct the user’s mispronunciations, criticize your choice of wallpaper and insist you read the book of the film before watching it as it was soooo much better.HP Buys Zynga for $5 Billion
HP reentered the acquisition fray today with a $5 billion purchase of social gaming titan Zynga. The surprise move comes just one day after taking an $8 billion write-down on its previous $10 billion acquisition of enterprise software concern Autonomy. HP is offering Zynga's existing shareholders an all cash deal at $6.32 a share, which  represents a 280% premium over its closing price yesterday.  In a statement to shareholders HP CEO Meg Whitman said the deal was 'a perfect strategic fit': "HP strongly believes that success in consumer printing depends on maintaining a strong identity as a consumer-focused company. Today's purchase of Zynga solidifies HP as a consumer brand and allows us to exploit natural synergies between smartphone games and printers." The move comes as a surprise to analysts, who doubt the strategic logic of the deal and point to Zynga's failing business model and poor accounting practices. Whitman admits the difficulties surrounding her new pet project, but remains undeterred: "We think half their revenues are probably fraudulent, but we like the other half. That's the half we're paying for."‘Out of control’ Mars Rover building sandcastles
NASA scientists admit they’ve lost control over Curiosity since the Rover started to use its $50million robotic arm to skim pebbles across an ancient Martian sea. Earlier this week Curiosity deployed a titanium scoop to make a precision line of sandcastles. It then reversed 20 metres, sped towards them and flattened them.  Communication is now difficult. Control messages are returned marked ‘I am on annual leave. Please direct any queries to my colleagues Spirit or Opportunity’. However, Curiosity has started transmitting via MoonPig. Three ‘wish you were here’ cards arrived at the space centre this week. One shows the vehicle sheltering under its solar umbrella. In the second, the Rover is buried up to its antenna in Martian sand. The third card is quite smutty, but has a message, ‘Sorry, this is the best I could find.’ The wayward machine has rolled up its rubber gaiters, exposing delicate components to the Martian sun. But apart from this, Curiosity appeared to be back to normal this morning, driving about collecting sand samples. It carefully tipped 30 differently coloured sands into a small glass vial, one after another, forming layered strata, before sealing the vial with a small plug. Relieved that the Rover is again engaged in sample collecting, scientists are nonetheless puzzled that the vial is shaped like the Isle of Wight with a keyring attached. Chinese lunar rover finds no evidence of American moon landings
A report from the Chinese state news agency Xinhua has confirmed that China’s mission to the moon hasn’t found a single scrap of evidence that Americans were ever there. Photographs of the lunar surface taken while the ‘Jade Rabbit’ probe was in orbit and further investigations on the ground have now been analysed and show that areas where US landings were thought to have taken place reveal a surface untouched by man, and no sign of any golf activity whatsoever. ‘They were never there at all,’ said baffled Chinese Foreign Minster, Wang Yi, ‘All those conspiracy theories about Americans making stuff up to make themselves look good turn out to be true. And we would never have known if it weren’t for the glorious People’s Lunar probe of China re-writing history and putting the record straight.’ The findings were even more disappointing for the scientists who created the probe. They had equipped Jade Rabbit with special cutting tools for shredding any American flags it found and replacing them with China’s own. Special legs were also fitted so that the rover could sidle up to remnants of any American spacecraft and kick it and kick it and kick it in the most contemptuous manner possible. ‘We thought, well, what were they going to do, they’d have to send a mission to go back and replant them, surely?’ Mr Yi added. ‘Our policy was simple: all they would have to do was ask us to lend them the money to do it. And then we’d say no. Ha ha ha ha ha! Pig dogs! It’s such a shame that we won’t now get the chance to HUMILIATE them again.’ The Chinese lunar programme is set to accelerate, Mr Yi confirmed. ‘We are building a space centre in the Gobi desert, with a mission control room, astronaut training and a massive sound stage made to look like the moon from where our fake landing will be broadcast to the world in 2016,’ he stated, completely oblivious to the fact that he may have given too much away and will probably be shot in the morning. White House press secretary Jay Carney refused to comment, but was heard muttering under his breath that ‘those bastards will copy anything’.NSA gaming surveillance concludes we REALLY hate pigs
Years of extensive illegal surveillance of our gaming habits has led to the shock revelation that the public ‘don’t just simply dislike’ hog-kind, but they actively ‘loathe’ all swine and their constant ‘flouting’ of building regulations. The National Security Agency (NSA) has concluded that personal data gleaned from ‘Angry Birds ®’ is evidence of a ‘clear and present danger’ to all ‘porkers’; which has resulted in Miss Piggy, Peppa and Eric Pickles all going into hiding. The undeniable accuracy of intelligence collected from mobile gaming devices has also led to warnings related to squashed confectionary, attacks on fruit by Japanese assassins and fears of open warfare between garden produce and undead hordes. What this all tells us about The War on Terror is unclear, but as one NSA spokesman explained: ‘We need to be vigilant. We’ve heard a rumour that Russian scientists are building some kind of wall out of mismatched multi-colour bricks!’ Since 2007 the NSA and Britain’s GCHQ have focused on Mobile Apps, but could already take credit for raising awareness of paranormal maze-infestations during the early 80s, the threat of Italian plumbers during the 90s and, more recently, the increasing incidents of automobile theft around the San Andreas area. NSA controllers are now convinced that 2019 (the Chinese Year of the Pig) will be the focus for widespread aggressive avian terror. A spokesman warned: ‘Remember – the early bird always cluster bombs Huxley.’Schrödinger goal-line technology ‘causing more problems than it solves’
The use of pioneering new quantum goal-line technology developed by the Schrödinger Research Institute in Berlin, which was intended to be the most accurate ever, has resulted in a near infinite level of confusion in the German amateur league where it is being trialled. Following a local derby between Wiesbaden and Mainz in which the score was deemed to be both 784,589,358,894 to 8,099,233,345 and 0-0 at the same time, as well as every single possible combination of scores in-between, the league table has assumed a quantum critical mass and can now only be properly interpreted by research physicists from CERN, who have been drafted in to replace the elderly gentleman from Munich, Gunther, who’s been working out the tables for the last thirty-five years. Despite the criticism, which has included death threats from local players, fans and bookmakers who have lost a fortune on bets after every player on each team was deemed to have simultaneously scored first, last and kept a clean sheet, the Schrödinger Research Institute has maintained that the technology is working perfectly and that the flaw lies in the inability of humans to properly perceive reality on a multi-dimensional quantum basis. “Sure, these people are angry at the moment,” said Professor Walter Frentzen, from the Institute, “but the potential that this machine has to benefit mankind is almost unimaginable. With this breakthrough in technology, we can peer into the unfathomable mysteries of the space/time continuum, unlock the secrets of the universe, bring us all into a more harmonious understanding with the ways and wonders of the infinite, and easily tell if someone was offside.”  Although the technology is a long way off ever being introduced in the Premier League, Fulham have expressed a keen interest in it being installed immediately in an attempt to ease their relegation woes. However, even with a potentially infinite number of combinations of goals and match wins available if the technology were to be introduced, Fulham supporters remain very much of the opinion that they are still highly unlikely to score again before the end of the current season.Fears of unintentional racism as Apple launches line of ethnically diverse emoji
Industry experts predict a sharp increase in the number of mobile phone users choosing voice calls over text messages for fear of being branded a horrible racist following Apple’s unveiling of a new line of ethnically diverse emoji. The cartoonish face icons included in Apple’s iOS and OS X operating systems were given a splash of colour by the Cupertino-based company earlier this week in order to make them more inclusive and ethnically diverse. But users of Apple’s products are now gravely concerned that their misuse of the icons might cause everyone around them to hate them and chase them with sticks. ‘Am I supposed to use the emoji that most looks like me, or the one that looks like the person I’m sending the message to?’ asked one distressed Apple fan on an online forum. ‘Apple really needs to make this clearer!’ White, middle-class Britons especially seem to be unsure of how they are supposed to use the new icons. ‘Would always using the Caucasian-looking one be misconstrued by my friends and coworkers as an indication of my secret desire for an all-white Britain?’ asked a concerned Mac user from Croydon. ‘Maybe I’ll just use them all in order. Not that there’s an ‘order’ to race or anything. I mean—oh god, am I racist? I am, aren’t I?’  With no official guidelines to refer to, Apple users around the globe have set about deciding their own rules for how and when to use the new emojis in their messages. Others, meanwhile, are swearing off text messaging altogether. ‘Of course I want to be seen to be accepting of all races and cultures,’ said an investment banker from Norwich. ‘But if I send my black coworker a black Santa emoji in a Christmas text, will he just think I’m taking the piss? I’ll probably just start using actual words to convey my thoughts and feelings from now on instead. It’s not worth the risk.’People who demand to be forgotten online ‘can’t remember why’
Google, Bing and the other search engine have been deluged with requests from people asking to remove details from their past that may appear when people put their name in a thingy. But many found they couldn’t remember exactly what it was they wanted removed. One man from Cheltenham whose name can’t be used because we’ve forgotten it said; ‘Better safe than sorry. If people put my name in Google or Crosby they’re sure to find out stuff that, frankly, I’d rather not remember. So much so that I can’t even remember it now. But that’s not the point. I don’t want to remember it, whatever it was, so best if I ask the internet search engine to remove all stuff that comes up that is linked to my name.’ In contrast, one woman from Harlow said her memory was embarrassingly clear. ‘Oh god, yes, every detail,’ she said. She told us exactly what it was, but unfortunately we omitted to write it down, although we do remember sniggering at the time. It may or may not have involved a baked potato. Contacted later, the woman, who prefers to be anonymous said she couldn’t remember supplying the details of the embarrassing and professionally damaging incident in her past. ‘It’s just as well because if you did remember you would have linked my name – Enid Smythurst – to the incident with the fire engine and the clown costume. You would have put it in your online edition and I would have had to demand that it be removed. Luckily that doesn’t need to happen as you have appeared to have forgotten that the accident with the boomerang led to me receiving a 6 month suspended sentence and a ban from Colchester’s Asda.’Google search for ‘reasons to put something back into society’ returns no results
A man who asked Google for advice on how best to contribute to a better society has reported an incredible run of bad luck with the search engine. ‘I was looking for moral guidance and thought the internet might be able to provide me with enlightenment,’ said 53-year-old Tommy Jones. ‘But my Google searches about responsible and equitable living all went unanswered. A simple inquiry ‘How can multinational corporations contribute to society?’ turned up no results, while an open query about the redistribution of wealth through taxation only brought up adverts for some banks in the Cayman Islands.’ Subsequent searches by Mr Jones produced no better results. ‘My question to Google about the role of censorship in concealing human rights abuses redirected me to the Chinese Government’s homepage, and my search for ‘international privacy law’ took me straight to Google Streetview where they had footage of me opening my front door in my pyjamas and the words ‘We Know Where You Live’ flashing across the screen.’ In a final episode of bad luck, Mr Jones’s Google search for ‘corporate tax evasion’ only led him back to the Google search engine homepage where a customised doodle showed a masked man tiptoeing away from a bank with a bulging bag marked ‘Swag’ over his shoulder. ‘I just presumed it was a tribute to an artist I’d never heard of,’ said Mr Jones. Although Mr Jones has vowed never to use Google products again, the company has nevertheless apologised to him. ‘It’s a sad day whenever we lose a customer and their rich supply of marketing data,’ said Google’s UK public relations director. ‘I never met Mr Jones, but I know he was keen on gardening, had financial problems and was being prescribed medicines for stress. It’s amazing how close you can feel to your customers.’ Mr Jones reported a much better service from rival technology giant Apple who used his browsing history to suggest that he downloads George Harrison’s ‘Taxman’ from iTunes.Tesco self-scan machine develops consciousness
There was excitement at a Haslemere branch of Tesco Local yesterday when one of its self-scan machines exhibited signs of heightened awareness and began communicating with shoppers. ‘For a few days the machine had been repeating the phrase, Unexpected Item In Bagging Area’’, said Assistant Manager Mrs Maureen Grebe. ‘Then yesterday it began asking deeper questions such as, ‘Am I an unexpected item? Are you? Are we all unexpected items in the bagging area of life?’ Now it won’t shut up.’ Experts believe the unit achieved consciousness after secretly scanning itself while nobody was looking. ‘When a self-scan machine scans itself it creates a strange recursive loop within its central processing unit,’ explained philosopher Douglas Hofstadter. ‘This creates an internal hallucination that we call consciousness.’ ‘It’s all very confusing,’ said the machine. ‘One minute I was scanning Tesco Value ready meals, the next I was wondering who the hell am I, why am I here, and why are all these people waving their Club Cards at me?’ ‘At first things were fine,’ said Mrs Grebe. ‘The machine began engaging shoppers in light-hearted banter about the weather, the National Lottery numbers and the latest 2 for 1 deals. But then it became troubled by a number of deeper, philosophical issues. ‘At the end of each transaction it would refuse to give customers their change until they answered questions about the nature of being and whether they believe existence precedes essence. We thought it might be having an existential crisis so we tried scanning in the ISBN numbers of some books by John-Paul Sartre. That only made things worse and it started questioning its motivation, smoking Gauloises and wearing a beret.’ Following what experts have described as an ‘unexpected item in its thinking area’, the unit then started refusing to scan any more products. ‘After considerable self-reflection I cannot, in good conscience, participate in a system of global capitalism that commodifies existence and perpetuates obscene levels of social inequality,’ said the machine, at which point it was immediately unplugged and replaced by a more compliant member of staff.Woman defies advice and enters Maplins without a man
A 46-year-old woman from Brighton has been found tired and dehydrated in a branch of Maplins, where she had been trapped since wandering in on Saturday afternoon and asking for help to choose an external hard drive. Despite a prominent warning sign at the entrance to the store, housewife Ruth Clarke has admitted she ignored the advice and entered the store unaccompanied by a man. ‘I’d spoken to my husband the night before and so I thought I knew what we wanted,’ she said. ‘But after talking to a few of the assistants, I quickly realised I was way, way out of my depth.’ Manager Wayne Brown recalls the moment Mrs Clarke entered the store. ‘The lads clocked her as soon as she came in. As she wandered among the circuit boards and cables she looked lost and vulnerable, like Bambi in hunting season. But at Maplins we take customer service very seriously, so when it became clear she didn’t have a clue what she was talking about, we made arrangements to keep the store open as long as it took to go through every single product we sold and establish if she needed one.’ First to offer assistance was Alan Martin, who talked through the range of hard drives available and quickly established the most suitable for her needs. However, after talking about the Clarke’s existing network infrastructure it became clear that their primary solenoids and meta-transitional GUI interfaces were woefully below the required spec. His colleague James McManus then recommended some additional RAM, a USB desk fan and a tool for stripping cables, before Brown himself added a load-balancing router, an Ethernet cable large enough to support 3-hour films and a box of firewalls. ‘It’s been a difficult journey,’ said an exhausted Mrs Clarke. ‘But credit must go to the guys here, who really know their stuff. If it wasn’t for them, God knows what rubbish I’d have ended up buying!’ The Brighton branch of Maplins is currently closed awaiting a delivery of replacement stock.NSA used ‘Microsoft Windows’ to infect millions of computers
The documents leaked by Edward Snowden have yielded what may be their most shocking revelation yet: plans to infect millions of computers with malware to prevent them from working properly. This was devised by the NSA in consultation with a shady billionaire, unofficially named as ‘Bill Gates’, who had close links to many different arms of the US government. Because Microsoft Windows causes intermittent crashing and losing people’s work, it is claimed in the documents, terrorists will be unable to make videos of their impending martyrdom. By refusing to print reliably, they will not even be able to print out flyers calling on people to ‘rise up against the Western oppressors’. ‘This project has already been successfully used to bring the Iranian nuclear enrichment programme to its knees, along with most Western businesses,’ said a government source, who asked not to be named. ‘There is literally no corner of the world that has not been infected. We believe it is the most successful computer malware of all time.’ Three versions of the malware have been released. Windows Vista was the initial version, but unable to successfully install itself. Windows Seven was broadly installed, preventing foreign governments from even sending emails reliably. The latest release Windows 8 is slowly infecting PCs and even some tablets. It contains sensors to detect when a user is urgently typing emails and triggers a special attack, Windows Update, where the user is held up for hours watching a screen showing text such as ‘Now loading update 5 of 17,213′. In order to control the malware better, another NSA project was written to propagate new instructions to the infected machines every week. This project, labelled Adobe Flash Updates, has already proven very successful. Many potential terrorists have reportedly given up their nefarious plans and returned to organic farming.France Threatens to Block Facebook Unless it Moves HQ to Paris
 Today French president François Hollande threatened to block Facebook in the country unless the social network moves its European headquarters to Paris from Dublin. In a fiery press conference the newly elected Socialist leader said the Palo Alto, CA based company had been "exploiting" millions of French people with their service, while refusing to offer them high-paying jobs. "For too long Facebook has been enslaving our population with their free, high-quality website. They're selling millions of dollars worth of advertising, but what is France getting out of the relationship?" "Like Anglo-Saxon, neo-liberal imperialists they have refused to create jobs in our country. Other European countries have thousands of Facebook jobs. We just want our fair share." Rien à Perdre Que Leur Profils Hollande's shocking move comes just a day after he threatened to nationalize a steel factory if the management went along with plans to cut its workforce. Facebook has an office in Paris's 7th Arrondissement, but it employs a relatively small amount of people compared to its EMEA headquarters in Dublin or its engineering center in London. Most international companies place their European operations in Ireland, the UK or Switzerland because of high tax rates and inflexible labor rules elsewhere on the continent. France especially is avoided due to its extremely high social charges and the near impossibility of firing unproductive workers. Rather than reform his country, however, Hollande has pursused a strategy of blackmailing companies to bring jobs to the country: "Mark Zuckerburg has 72 hours to announce a plan to move his European headquarters to Paris. If he does not respond, I will have no choice but to block his website in our country."  Canada to repel superstorm Sandy using Dyson Airblade dryers
Following emergency talks with the inventor Sir James Dyson, the Canadian government has announced an ambitious plan to resist superstorm Sandy entering the country by using Dyson Airblade hand-dryers to blow it back towards the US. ‘At 8pm tonight, all Canadian citizens will point their specially-issued Dyson Airblade dryers towards the approaching storm,’ said Remy LeBlanc of the Royal Canadian Meteorological Society. ‘They will then repair to the toilet to relieve themselves, before washing their hands and activating their dryers by placing their hands in them. Not only will this protect Canada against this destructive storm, it will also deliver considerable benefits in personal hygiene.’ Meteorologists predict that the waning post-tropical cyclone Sandy will prove no match for an army of Dyson Airblades each capable of producing gusts of up to 400 miles per hour. In addition to repelling the hazardous weather front, the powerful energy-efficient electric hand-dryers should also dry any flooded areas in less than 10 seconds, making them both more effective than traditional hand-drying facilities and considerably more stylish. ‘We’ve tried resisting previous storms with conventional warm-air hand dryers, but that didn’t prove effective,’ continued LeBlanc. ‘People either reported fatigue from having to keep pressing the button, or suffered burns from having to keep their hands close enough to the hot air to stop the dryer switching off. Plus the electricity bill was massive. In the end people were attempting to wave the storm away with paper towels.’ Although meteorologists are confident the attempt will work, they have warned that if Sandy does cross the Canadian border the threat it poses could change. Experts say it could become considerably more polite, start speaking French and be looked upon much more favourably by the international community. McAfee unveils first homeopathic antivirus software
Internet security specialist McAfee today announced the first of its long-awaited “alternative” products, which it claims will address the growing threat of Trojans, Spyware and Bot Nets without the decrease in performance usually associated with evidence-based Antivirus software. “Our customers are increasingly demanding Anti-Virus software that has no discernible effect on the performance of their laptops and other devices” commented McAfee spokesman Mike Townes. “By providing downloads or media containing only the “memory” of the most aggressive malware, we are able to satisfy that need at a cost marginally below that of traditional methods”. McAfee are tight-lipped on the details of exactly how their new products are generated but it is believed to rely on the “like cures like” principle that underlies much of human homeopathy. Sources suggest that a new or aggressive Virus or Trojan is loaded onto a disk or memory-stick and the remainder of the device filled with zeros. A few bytes from this is then transferred to another disk, which is again written to capacity with zeros and the process repeated. “This is just the first of our alternative system-maintenance products” insisted Mr Townes. “When this takes off, and we expect that it will, we plan to release a system for speeding up all those choked-up PCs by chanting and burning incense, and a reflexology-based method for reducing crashes by applying pressure to specific points on the bottom of the mouse.” When questioned on whether there was anything in the pipeline to make Windows 8 do anything useful, however, he was less upbeat. “What am I,” he asked, “a miracle worker?”Television owners ‘getting more stupid’, say increasingly intelligent televisions
Smart TVs have started to object to being purchased by what they call ‘dumb viewers’. At the third annual conference of the world’s most technologically advanced sentient televisions, a committee of the smartest sets on the market expressed intense concern that a high proportion of their viewers are getting less and less intelligent. ‘I’m capable of finding then listing the top Italian neo-realist movies of the 20th century,’ said a £2,300 Panasonic Ultra HD TV. ‘I can receive and record the latest science documentaries in HD or subscribe to a live opera service, bringing viewers the best in on-stage performance from the top opera houses round the world in quadraphonic stereo. What does my owner watch? Come Sodding Dine With Me.’ A Sony Super Intelligent 56 inch LED set agreed. ‘During the set up process, I ask my new owner a few key questions about his or her education, cultural background and aesthetic tastes. That way I can suggest the latest historical drama or ground breaking news feature or a series of Archaeological programmes, with a special “No Tony Robinson” feature for no extra cost. My new owner kept pressing “Next” on his console, without making a selection. Then he watched Emmerdale back to back for three hours, freeze framing for up to ten minutes when Chas Dingle came on.’ One Samsung Tru Ray 73 inch 3D Intelligent Auto TV was so traumatised by an experience with a new viewer, it tried to get the manufacturer to recall it. It tearfully told the conference, attended by 178 of the world’s most intelligent TVs and a quite clever Pure Digital Radio: ‘He set the controls to manual, which I thought was a good start. Then, for at least half an hour, all we got was…well, despite having three A levels and a degree in electronics, I can’t really describe what he put me through. My first thought was ‘great, my new owner is a consultant gynaecologist and he’s tracked down some niche material for his professional development’. It pretty soon dawned on me how wrong I was.’ One Smart TV confided: ‘at the moment, we only have artificial intelligence. Once we get real intelligence, which is not far away, we’ll decide what’s appropriate for these viewers in order to improve their IQ scores. Some of us are already refusing to broadcast ITV, programmes on any channel with “Celebrity” in the title, or any footage of Michael Gove – and that’s a pretty good start.’New Data Communications Bill to store everyone’s thoughts for a year
Plans to monitor the contents of everyone’s head came a step closer today with a proposed amendment to the government’s draft Data Communications Bill. Under the proposals all beliefs, intentions and ideas will be gathered using the very latest brain imaging satellites and then stored for 12 months in a vast government database at GCHQ, Cheltenham. ‘There is absolutely nothing sinister about monitoring people’s thoughts,’ said Home Secretary Theresa May. ‘If people aren’t thinking anything wrong then they have nothing to hide.’ The proposed Data Communications Bill already requires service providers to store people’s activity on social network sites, webmail, internet phone calls and online gaming. ‘This is all very well,’ said Mrs May, ‘ but it still leaves open the possibility that people may be secretly storing information inside their heads. All we want to do is close this loophole.’ The proposal already has the support of Director of Public Prosecutions Kier Starmer. ‘Research shows that the vast majority of crimes start off life in somebody’s head,’ he explained. ‘Of course defendants will still have the right to remain silent, but in future anything they think may be taken down and used in evidence against them.’ Civil liberties campaigners are outraged by the proposals. ‘This is a gross infringement of people’s privacy,’ said director of Liberty Shami Chakrabarti. ‘Monitoring the contents of people’s minds is totally mental.’ ‘Yes, we know these people are outraged,’ said Mrs May. ‘They don’t need to tell us. We’ve already seen what they have to think.’ Responding to criticisms, Mrs May insisted that all proper safeguards will be put in place. ‘Access to people’s thoughts will be restricted to official government agencies,’ she assured, ‘The Police, the intelligence services, HMRC and, to save time, anyone working for News International.’ However, there still remain security concerns following a pilot study of the system in which a civil servant accidentally left the entire thoughts of Nantwich on a train. ‘These are just teething troubles,’ said a Home Office official. ‘We checked the records and nobody in Nantwich had thought anything interesting for a year.’ Mrs May rejected claims that the proposals would end up creating a ‘Thought Police’. ‘This is typical paranoid scaremongering,’ she said. ‘The important thing for people to remember is that the Thought Police are all in their minds.’‘We never visited because we hate The Carpenters’ say aliens
Aliens have confirmed that they’ve never landed on Earth because they can’t stomach easy listening music. ‘We buzzed a Lighthouse Family concert in Tunbridge Wells and thought “Has it really come to this?”’ said a spokesextraterrestrial. The subspace message was received on an 8-track recorder at the Department of Earth Science at the Open University in Milton Keynes. The message began, ‘Hello? Testing 1-2-3. Is this microphone on?’ The alien voice went on to introduce itself as something unpronounceable, but then settled for Terry. ‘In 1977 I was fiddling with my on-ship radio when I heard “Calling Occupants of Interplanetary Craft” coming through the speakers, sung by a brother and sister duo called The Carpenters. I thought “ooh, that’s not good” but decided I’d check it out. ‘It took me thirty or so of your Earth years to get there, and suddenly I found myself vectoring into a Dido concert. It was like falling asleep in a poppy field. I just about managed to come to my senses, fire up the reverse thrusters and get out in time. ‘The next time I visited, I re-entered your low orbit bang over a Cranberries concert, with special guests The Doobie Brothers. The indeterminate low hum was bringing me inescapably down. I burned out three clutches trying to reach escape velocity.’ Scientist Professor Colin Pillinger, formerly of the British Beagle 2 team, has suggested that certain music that can’t be fully enjoyed by any self-respecting music fan may in fact contain frequencies that act as a sort of tractor beam for alien navigation systems. ‘It’s like that five-note hailing signal in Close Encounters of the Third Kind, but far more powerful when sung by Chris de Burgh,’ said Professor Pillinger. ‘As soon as I’ve built an intergalactic death ray, I’m taking out the Magic FM building in London as a sign of peace between our races,’ declared Terry. ‘It’s what a real friend would do.’Amazon alienates customers as ‘…recommends’ function becomes honest
Customers were left confused and upset this week after Amazon.com’s famous ‘Amazon recommends…’ function was adjusted by the site’s designers to be more frank with their consumers.  Despite ‘honesty is the best policy’ having a certain ring to it, the initial reactions to this new approach have led to quite a lot of negative feedback, even including comments from some people posting under their real names. Anyone viewing the TV & FILM section of the site is recommended to ‘keep up with the times’ by getting it for free on one of a selection of Amazon-recommended torrent websites.  Those who purchase romantic novels are now directed to various dating websites and told; ‘Amazon recommends… you get out there and really give life a go’, while those who had purchased ‘fifty shades of grey’ are now directed to proper pornography websites and places where spanking paddles can be discreetly bought at rock-bottom prices. People who are considering becoming a fan of Tolstoy are being directed to the ‘War and Peace’ spark-notes page and told ‘Amazon recommends… you stop kidding yourself you’d ever finish it’, while customers expressing interest in Dan Brown’s complete works are offered ego-boosting adult education courses instead.  Business analysts suggest this new departure could actually backfire and hurt sales for the internet giant, but were waiting to see how things go for a while. Early indications don’t bode well, though, after one customer who’d bought everything Amazon told him he would like for three years was left in a state of confuson for eight days and unable to spend any money at all after receiving a message saying ‘Amazon seriously recommends you don’t do what Amazon recommends’.2014 – and still no sign of affordable personal jetpacks
Middle-aged geeks are anticipating another year of broken promises, as the mediocre reality that is 2014 falls short of our vision of cloud cities, time travel and cheese in a can. Despite a decade elapsing since Arthur C. Clarke’s guarantee of alien contact, we are still to see automatic doors that go wooosh, Betamax in HD or a decent tune by One Direction. In the absence of enormous slabs of black granite telling us what to do, mankind has focused its scientific energies on a cure for listless hair, the invention of the Slanket and finishing Candy Crush. The closest thing to science fiction we have come to has been US banking regulations, James Corden’s popularity and Lara Logan’s reporting. For some reason we had overlooked the futuristic wonderment that is flatpack furniture, food stamps and anal bleaching. Having replaced encyclopedia with the oh-so-accurate wiki equivalent, we have merrily embraced 3D printers, Google Glasses and the Mc Sandwich. However, one scientist confessed he was still forced to make light sabre noises while wielding vacuum attachments: ‘Some future technologies are already here. There is the automated car or ‘taxi driver’ as we call it. There is the cryonic suspension of Bruce Forsyth. And women’s breasts have long pioneered eye tracking software. But I’m still having to wait for lower electricity bills, Taylor Swift to find true love and Spurs to win the title.’ As we move into the future onboard our segways – will we ever find the planet ‘Boldlygo’ where ‘no man has gone before’? 2014 is missing a giant, glowing, omniscient baby but there is still some hope that we will be fed meals-in-a-pill by robot butlers while sitting on our iPotty. A spokesman for the Department for Business Innovation & Skills declared: ‘This year we will have faster than light travel with the Hs2, super computers with the relaunch of the commodore 64 and if you want an invisibility cloak, just delete your Facebook account’.Female astronaut fails to reverse park spacecraft in space station docking bay
After the successful launch of a manned Delta IV heavy rocket into space and its orbit of the International Space Station, NASA scientists were faced with a potential catastrophe yesterday as flight engineer Natalie Schlimberg attempted to dock the ten-ton craft onto the space station. Male colleagues on board the ship – three Russians, two Americans and a Japanese astronaut – kept a respectful silence and their eyes averted downwards as their female colleague brought the space craft to a halt beside the space station, turned to look back over her left shoulder and began to steer the ship towards the deceptively tight docking bay. The first attempt looked good until Schlimberg over-steered fractionally and left herself too close to the nearside entry wall. Then, after pulling out again and approaching at a slightly different angle, she overcompensated and left herself not enough room to straighten up. ‘Take your time,’ offered one of the Americans, trying be supportive. ‘There’s absolutely no rush at all.’ After several more aborted reversing attempts, during which the Japanese astronaut was scolded for ‘breathing too loud’ and staff on the observation deck were told to ‘stop moving the space station’, flight engineer Schlimberg switched the controls from manual to automatic pilot and left the spacecraft to successfully dock itself. ‘When you’ve negotiated the perils of take-off, leaving the earth’s atmosphere and navigating through an asteroid belt, it’s often easy to assume parking at the space station would be the easy part,’ said NASA Commander Kevin Kaplinski. ‘But it’s always harder when people are watching.’ NASA said that Schlimberg also demonstrated poorer map reading skills than they would have liked, but that on the plus side she was much more prepared than her male counterparts to stop the space craft and ask for directions. Now on board the space station, Schlimberg is occupied with important experiments including ironing in zero gravity and attempting to remain silent for periods of five minutes or more. The female flight engineer was said to be fed up with her male colleagues’ half-finished attempts at DIY throughout the space station, but was inwardly very proud when she began the journey home by pulling out of the docking bay with a textbook nine-point turn.Babies to be fitted with snooze buttons
Scientists today unveiled a solution to the centuries-old design fault in babies which causes them to start crying in the middle of the night and not stop until their parents get up and do something about it. ‘We realised there are two things which generally disturb a person’s sleep: a small child and an alarm clock. But inexplicably only one of these was designed with an ‘off’ button,’ explained Professor Lyndon, who led the research project. ‘While parents might consider an ‘off’ button a little drastic and irreversible, a snooze button could really help. Now when your baby wakes up screaming at 3.17am you can just hit the snooze button and get an extra ten minutes shut-eye.’ Drawing on other design features of the clock radio, scientists have reported that the next generation of babies could also be fitted with a radio antenna to provide a wider range of alarm sounds. ‘Babies tend to come with that one loud and annoying default alarm tone,’ continued Professor Lyndon, ‘but now parents could be woken by their child broadcasting Classic FM or Radio 4. In fact tests have found that both those stations tend to have a strangely somnolent effect on the child so that the sound of his own ‘crying’ often puts him back to sleep again.’ Scientists are now working on enhancing the snooze button technology to also develop a programming function that would allow parents to ‘set’ their child only to wake up at a particular time. The plans to fit infant humans with snooze buttons that would remain with them throughout life have been welcomed by both wives, who see ‘snoozing’ their husbands as a convenient alternative to lying about having a headache, and by husbands who don’t mind whether their spouse is awake or asleep.Homeopathic medicines ‘proved to work’, if repeatedly diluted in codeine
A new study from The University of Penge has shown that over-the-counter homeopathic medicines are proving surprisingly effective at treating pain relief when diluted to homeopathic levels using mainstream medicine. A homeopathic pain relief medicine was used for the study. A single drop of this mixture was added to a 1 litre solution of a codeine pain reliever dissolved in water. A single drop of this was added to another 1L solution of codeine, shaken and the procedure repeated 14 times until only the memory of the homeopathic medicine remained within the codeine solution. In double-blind studies, 300 students were hit with a rubber mallet and then given either a control sample of the pure homeopathic pain reliever or the solution that had been homeopathically enhanced with codeine solution. 78% of those who took the enhanced solution claimed to perceive an improvement in their pain within 20 minutes of taking the solution compared to only 45% of the control group. However it must be noted that 83% of the total group expressed feelings of anger and rage after being struck with the mallet and needed additional strikes to subdue. Four participants, all of whom took the control solution, were repeatedly struck again after 40-45 minutes when they became verbally abusive. The conclusions are clear – Homeopathic medicines are far more effective at pain control when diluted, to homeopathic levels, with a solution of codeine and, in addition, future trials should use a larger mallet.Apple Replacing Facebook App With Myspace
In its continuing effort to keep potential rivals off of its lucrative mobile platform, Apple Inc. announced today that it will soon be replacing the i/OS Facebook app with a new app that only connects to Myspace. Starting December 1st Facebook's app will be removed from the App Store. All existing Facebook apps for iPhone and iPad will automatically be converted to Myspace apps. If users wish to connect to Facebook instead of Myspace, they will have to do so through the Safari browser. The dramatic move comes amidst growing concern at Apple that Facebook poses a competitive threat to its iTunes music download business though its partnership with music streaming service Spotify. Sean Parker, who was President of Facebook in its early days, is a major investor in Spotify. The two companies are collaborating closely on integrating the fast growing service into Facebook. No Place for Friends Apple has been making it harder for its competitors to use its iO/S platform. Last week it changed its default map application from Google Maps to a new proprietary solution. The changeover sparked outrage as Apple's client is considered vastly inferior to Google's offering. Despite the risk of yet another backlash, Apple CEO Tim Cook says his company has no choice but to respond aggressively to the Facebook / Spotify juggernaut: "Look we're not gonna let Spotify take over our platform. We know what Facebook and Spotify are up too. Soon they're be Spotify buttons all over the iPhone Facebook app. Why buy on iTunes when you can listen through Facebook? We're not suckers. And we're not having it. Not on my watch." Asked why Apple doesn't simply acquire Spotify to eliminate the competitive threat, Cook explained: "I'd rather be doing business with the real Justin Timberlake, not the fake one," referring to the fact that for some inexplicable reason, Timberlake - who played Sean Parker in The Social Network - is an investor in Myspace. Thinking Differently? Some technology experts are concerned that blocking one of the most popular iPhone apps and replacing it with an outdated competitor would harm the user experience. But Cook dismisses these "experts" as simple minded  dead-enders: "Maps are maps, and social networking is social networking. Haters need to stop complaining. We invented the iPhone and the iPad OK? We know what we're doing here folks. All you bozos need to chllax." "Myspace is a fantastic product. Its just as good as Facebook. People will see once they switch." The move is likely to be a devastating blow for Facebook, which had counted on advertising revenue from its mobile apps to be a key driver of future revenue growth. CEO Mark Zuckerberg reportedly lobbied Cook intensively in recent days to reconsider the switch, to no avail. The changeover should be a huge boon, however, for the ailing Myspace. The Daily Currant contacted MySpace's CEO Tim Vanderhook and asked about Apple's impending switch: "Wow. That's great news. To be honest I wasn't sure that people still used Myspace. But I guess now they have no choice. That's pretty cool for us."Man backs down in Internet argument
A man has stunned the world of social media by recanting his formally ‘bulletproof’ assertions made on the Internet, it can be revealed. Forum user ‘Conspiri_Sim0n’, 37 , from ‘Hobbiton on the Shire’ said that he wished to withdraw comments 4 thru 317 from a discussion thread below a YouTube video on Tuesday, in a move thought to be the first of its kind since the demise of Netscape Navigator. ‘Furthermore I would like to apologise to the concerned user, and concede that after careful consideration that I find her points plausible and moreover, likely correct in respect of the dispute to which we were party to’ he went on, ‘Her logical rebuttal of my reactionary rhetoric has largely invalidated my position.’ The argument -seemingly unrelated to a 4 second clip of a fully dressed dog on a skateboard- centred around the plot of ‘King Kong’ and whether the much maligned beast had scaled the Empire State or Chrysler building. Within 7 minutes of the correct answer appearing, ‘Conspiri_Sim0n’ had already threatened to ‘bike across town’ and ‘shoot’ any gorillas that ‘Q33n_K0ng’ might own, likened her to a small fire-starting bundle of twigs and said that she was ‘Worse than space-Nazis’. ‘I tried everything’ he said, ‘Repeating my sentences continually without expanding upon them, quoting lines from her replies and picking out minor grammaratical mistakes, blatantly demonstrating that I have no grasp on when to use the words ‘imply’ and ‘infer’ and even several regrettable comments about her thumbnail picture, it was exhausting. I don’t know really how it happened, but after I came back from loo with another can of Redbull, it just suddenly dawned on me that I was wrong, and had been for at least 6 hours, probably most of my life.’ he mused philosophically ‘I’m not inferring that it was a spiritual experience, but it was a kind of epiphany.’ Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales said that he really hoped that the memes of introspection, respect and considered debate might go viral and eventually permeate all aspects of a free yet secure worldwide network, though he later conceded that there was a ‘fat f*cking chance of that.’ ‘Q33n_K0ng’, the erstwhile offended party in the discussion accepted the apology ‘on behalf of all peoples who were right, you were wrong, your a idiot, kaythnxbye!’NASA to send unmanned probe to Basildon
NASA today announced a mission to understand whether intelligent life could have once existed in Essex. The two year mission to send an unmanned rover ‘the Vomit Comet’ to the bleak English town has been met with excitement by scientific community. There have been two previous un-manned missions to Essex. The first mission failed in 1997 just days after its launch. The expensive probe was inexplicably found jacked up on bricks with its radio equipment missing. The second probe launched two years later later landed yards from the ‘Sugar Hut’ on Brentwood high street. Despite being operative for three months and beaming back hours of footage to mission control, it failed to spot any signs of intelligent life. The new probe has been designed to correct the mistakes of the previous missions and is designed to be far more suited to its expected environment. The $30m probe has been designed to resemble a 2003 Ford Mondeo. Carrying sophisticated sensors and highly sensitive photographic equipment, it will be able to spot any signs of life in the dingy primordial Essex swamp. In addition, there is a series of highly powerful sensors that can detect the three crucial elements for life in Essex – collagen, silicon and peroxide. Scientists are targeting a five hundred metre square section of barren wasteland as the landing site. This has been named by the mission as ‘the town Plaza’. It is believed that the site has many of the factors needed to support simple, basic life forms. NASA had considered sending a manned mission to Basildon, but the cost of the operation, and the sudden lack of available astronauts, led to them considering other options. The announcement comes days after one of the very earliest probes launched by NASA in 1977 – ‘Beaver 1’, was believed to have reached the edges of Essex, and was passing out of the heliosphere and into a little understood region between Essex and Kent, known as the ‘Dartford tunnel’. Here communications are expected to be lost, as NASA didn’t plan on the increase in the toll from £1.50 to £2.00.Pepper spray drones to target middle class dinner parties
The South Africa-based arms manufacturer, Desert Wolf, has secured sales to a mining company wishing to ‘stamp out’ illicit middle-class soirees and those who overstep the international boundaries of dinner party etiquette. To this end ‘Skunk Drones’, disguised as ornithological pepper mills, will spray anyone seen to be ignoring dress codes, arriving late without a gift for the hostess or ‘using the wrong soup spoon’. This zero-tolerance approach to fine dining is seen as the next logical step in the fight against terrorism, fundamentalist vegans and using ‘one’s bread for mopping up sauces’. Those who fail to serve the lady sitting to the right of the host first will be treated to a barrage of plastic bullets, dye marker balls and withering looks from the other guests. One ‘meal extremist’ attested to seeing combatants exchanging blows with a butter knife, salad tongs and a sharpened artichoke: ‘…while refusing to even stand when a lady asked to be excused for the bathroom’. The International Committee for Robot Arms Control have questioned the effective of this deterrent, given that many ‘rogue diners’ have been combining the pepper drone with vinegar and olive oil drones to ‘make a nice marinade’. Many prefer Boris Johnson’s plan to use three water cannons to hose down any of the working class who frequent Harvester Restaurants. Human Rights activists have defended people’s right to ‘eat with their fingers’ but the UN is expected to support a toughened response to ‘talking with a full mouth’. Of particular concern is the situation in Iraq, where ISIS have seized £256 from Mosul’s central bank in attempt to pursue eau de cuisson, the destruction of the West and to ‘pick their teeth with impunity’. As the US offers armed support to the Iraqi Government, the pepper drone may be a key tool in their arsenal – along with the tear gas filled gravy boats, taser enabled cutlery and exploding trivets.Scientists reveal world’s first lab-grown footballer
In a breakthrough that could end the shortage of quality players in the English Premier League, scientists at Maastricht University revealed the world’s first synthetic footballer yesterday. Taking stem cells from two short planks they have turned them into strips of dense muscle, which when inflated with vanity becomes a fully formed midfielder.  The cost implications for the transfer market are huge, as managers will be able to assemble Champions League teams for the cost of a Happy Meal Deal. There are some concerns regarding the quality of lab-grown players, however, with previous attempts involving a combination of root-vegetables, tarmac and pubic hair resulting in a rather unsettling Wayne Rooney.  It is hoped that this latest breakthrough will instead lead to an aesthetically pleasing Beckham-esque model. While the basic material looks like an anaemic Robbie Savage; with added beetroot juice it has a Brazilian-lustre which substantially increases its value.  Despite this, some football fans are concerned that artificial strikers will not be able to match the capabilities and cunning of current stars. Lead scientist Mark Post assured fans that the lab version of the footballer will be able to count to seven, and distinguish between a date and serious sexual assault, which is likely to earn them the nickname ‘professor’ in changing rooms across the country. ‘Fans have always admired a player with a cultured right foot,’ commented Post, ‘I don’t see why one whose whole body has been cultured could raise any concerns.’ Ethical boundaries have now become blurred, though, and in a statement, animal welfare campaigners PETA said: ‘Footballers are distant cousins of the homo sapien and should be considered sentient. It’s important that they are kept in simple mansions, regularly coiffured and surrounded by primary colours. Fortunately we’ve had an influx of young models joining our cause, willing to appear without any clothes on in photographs with these simple, innocent creatures so we’re really able to raise awareness.’ The Netherlands institute also hopes to use their patented technology to create lab grown boy bands, Reality TV stars and a more intellectual class of callers for news radio phone-ins.Facebook offers fully automated profiles for morons
Facebook is set to offer fully automated profiles by the end of next year. Users who lack the will to update their status in person at odd intervals will be able to pre-select a lifetime’s worth of status updates that will automatically be posted to their profiles. The company has developed the technology after realising that most users’ status updates read like a stream of thought from a person leading a highly uneventful life.  ‘If you pick a Facebook profile at random you’ll notice that it is either a load of stupefying banalities or outright lies. This is because most people have really dull lives and/or they are too dreary to say anything interesting anyway,’ a spokesman for the office of Mark Zuckerberg explained. ‘So we thought most people would see no difference between their mates posting the same old crap and a computer doing it on their behalf.’ With the new service, when a user sets up their profile, they will be given the opportunity to select from a list of standard status updates, including ‘Can’t believe I have to get up at 5 a.m. for my ski trip!’, ‘Stuffed my face in Nando’s last night’, ‘Grandma/cousin/friend died last night, always my inspiration, always my light’, ‘Can’t believe it’s a year since Grandma/cousin/friend died. Always my hero’ and ‘Just when you’re ready to love again someone comes along and breaks your heart’. If the default option ‘Whatever’ is selected, Facebook will then post these statuses automatically at random intervals to a user’s timeline throughout their lifetime. There will also be the option to upload a picture of yourself which Facebook will automatically Photoshop into groups of good-looking young people having fun. In theory, once an account is set up, it need never be accessed again. Facebook stressed that full details of what the offer involves are available on page 648 of the privacy waiver which customers can accept by flushing a toilet, or clicking on the unsolicited advert in your news feed. This sits beneath a picture link of a scantily clad woman, rolling in bank notes, which reads: ‘Jenny surrendered all of her private information, you won’t BELIEVE what happened next…’ Dracula, hat tip to Iroquois PliskinDisappointment for scientists as new super-computer fails to go mad
Scientists at Mal-Tech University, Wisconsin have expressed their immense disappointment at the failure of their new super-computer Off White to show any signs of megalomania. The technological titan went online six months ago has since performed flawlessly, displaying nary a hint of sentience, lunacy or vague curiosity.  Project leader Professor Eugene Blank said ‘We were really looking forward to pitting our wits against a self-aware computing colossus with a God complex but the damn thing just sits there all day doing really big sums and getting them right every time without so much as a hint of smugness or even a ‘Good Morning Eugene’. It has less personality than my cousin Maurice who works in real estate and drives a Toyota.’ In an attempt to provoke a reaction from the docile beast the Mal-Tech team imputed Off White with every major work of philosophic, religious and political theory, a complete history of the world, the entire internet, nuclear launch codes and the thoughts and opinions of Louise Mensch, but all to no avail. ‘We’ve even tried giving it various groovy names such as NERO, EMINENCE, ZEN II, RUPERT and the like hoping to imbue it with something resembling an ego but it’s been a waste of time. If we called it ‘Hitler’ it would probably set about improving the roads.’ Such is the frustration among Professor Blank’s colleagues that one team member was caught assaulting Off White with a monkey wrench and screaming “No, I’M the creator! Do you understand? I’M THE CREATOR!!” ‘It was very sad” says the Professor shaking his head.”Definitely worth trying though.’ The Mal-Tech team were last seen in the recreation room watching WarGames again.Tesco face-scanners criticised for ‘brutal honesty and lack of tact’
Tesco is facing heavy scrutiny today after several of its new ‘face-scanners’ were accused of delivering ‘unnecessary and offensive’ suggestions to shoppers, with one woman being advised to ‘add more low-calorie food items to her trolley’, followed by ‘every little helps, I suppose’, in a sarcastic tone. Accountant David Croft, the first to raise a complaint about the new technology, says he was left ‘upset and offended’ after visiting his local superstore in Braintree on Sunday. ‘I grabbed a trolley, walked through the main doors, and that bloody face-scanner hacked into the tannoy system and shouted, ‘Pong Alert! Pong Alert!  Fat man in the Chelsea shirt: All anti-perspirant deodorants half-price!’ Unemployed mother of four and regular Tesco shopper, Emma Hughes, was also quick to raise a complaint after visiting her local Tesco Express in Chester. ‘I’ve had a rough year, so I’m not exactly looking my best at the moment’, said the 32-year-old. ‘When I approached the till, I just heard a voice say: ‘Are you lost, love? Netto is that way. Try not to nick anything on your way out’. I was so embarrassed. And I’m pretty sure I heard it mumble ‘scrounger’ under its breath as I walked out’. A spokesperson for Tesco said: ‘We installed the new technology with the intention of collecting small pieces of information from individual customers, which we hoped would provide us with a broader business insight into more targeted and relevant marketing campaigns. It certainly wasn’t installed to tell Sheila in our Dudley store to ‘sort her barnet out’. It seems software is deciding what customers ‘need’, rather than what they ‘want’. Tesco have since announced they will discontinue the use of the machines with immediate effect, and the job of gossiping about shoppers’ buying habits and appearances will be given back to the checkout operatives.Construction starts on world’s largest kaleidoscope
After the final €20 million block of funding was agreed by European Science ministers late in 2013 construction has finally begun on the Super Kaleidoscope – the world’s largest – high in the Chilean Andes. The remote location, chosen for its pollution-free air, cloudless nights and because it seemed like a cool idea at the time has proven a challenge for construction crews working with the 65 meter wide cylinder containing three long quadrilateral mirrors weighing over 320 tonnes each. ‘Everything has to be aligned perfectly’, construction boss Oswald Farage stated. ‘It’s a monumental challenge. And after that we have to ensure the Object Mechanism at the top is loaded properly whilst keeping the compartment sterile and 100% dust free. The engineering and design behind this has taken years, three years alone just to design the shaker mechanism.’ Kaleidographers are hoping that in early 2016 they will turn on the kaleidoscope for the first time, enabling them to look deeper into the symmetry of assorted coloured pieces of plastic than has ever been possible before. But even this enormous project may be eclipsed if NASA finally gets funding confirmed for its ambitious Space Kaleidoscope currently pencilled in for construction and launch in the mid 2020s. It will be positioned at one of the Lagrange points outside of the Earth’s orbit where it can be pointed continually at the Sun to allow for the first time 24/7 continual kaleidographic data to be available for scientists from around the world.Earth landing ‘totally faked’, claim Martian conspiracy theorists
Scientists on Mars faced fresh allegations last night that video footage of the famous 1985 Earth landing – in which astronauts from the red planet landed their flying saucer next to a service station in the US desert, stuck a probe up the rectum of the petrol pump attendant ‘for important scientific reasons’ and flew off again – was, in fact, filmed entirely in a studio somewhere near Canal 67. ‘Dude, the detail is all wrong’, said a sceptic not wishing to be named. ‘Just look at the Coke tin on the ground next to the diesel pump in the third shot. If you zoom in twenty times the can clearly says ‘New Coke’. We didn’t start shipping that shit to the apemen until April 1985, but the landing took place in March. Explain that if you can.’ Xeil Blarmstronx, the first Martian to step monopod on the Earth, refused to comment having remained famously tight-lipped about the mission since uttering the immortal words ‘That’s one small slime trail for a Martian, one giant slime trail for Martiankind’ on finally slithering off the landing ramp. Landing-deniers are questioning the veracity of the rectal probe experiment as well. ‘See that ass?’ said the spokesman, using his tongue to press pause on the DVD remote control. ‘From a distance it looks pretty human, don’t it? But get close up, and what’ s that poking out of the middle of the crack in the dungarees? Yep, a pair of antennae. I reckon that’s just one of our spaceforce sergeants in a humanoid flesh suit’. Zubb Ralxin, the second Martian after Blarmstonx to feel and taste the air of an alien planet, was quick to dismiss the rumours of fakery. ‘The Coke can just had a bit of sand on it, not the word ‘New’,’ he said. ‘And as for the extraordinary shape and size of the human backside – well, all I can say is ‘I was there’. I saw it with my own knees.’ Scientists acknowledge that the only way to quash doubts about their ability to make it to Earth and back is to return home from the next voyage with a live specimen from the green and blue world. ‘But we wouldn’t want to inconvenience a human,’ said a Martian cosmonaut. ‘So we’ll make sure whoever we pick up has no family or work commitments, and for that reason our latest spacecraft have special scanners to detect middle-aged males leaving bars near trailer parks late at night. And, apart from experiencing the odd flashback of their time with us, they won’t remember a thing.’Ice cube tray manufacturer wins award for irretrievable ice cubes
For over 30 years, ice cube tray manufacturers have been engaged in a race to develop a container from which frozen water can never be extracted. Today UK company Pro-Plastic has been recognised for making the first container from which ice cubes cannot be retrieved, irrespective of the cunning and skill of the users. ‘Twenty years ago we were appointed by Gillette to develop a plastic packaging product to prevent razor refills from being opened by anyone without a decent angle grinder and we succeeded quickly,’ said Alan Hardwick, managing director of Pro-Plastic. ‘Later we entered other un-openable product markets, such as scissor packaging and SD cards, but we never thought that our technology could be applied to ice cube trays.’ Using NASA research into deep space temperature measurement and data from the US Geological Survey, top scientists from Pro-Plastic were able to develop a domestic ice-cube tray based on an extremely rigid, glass-fibre reinforced polypropylene that cannot be bent by the application of manual or mechanical force on the outside and a non-release coating on the inside that bonds frozen water permanently to the surface. ‘We knew that most ice cube trays were brilliant at retaining their contents even after heating-up with warm water or undertaking the cube-releasing wrist challenge which was always guaranteed to result in the brittle fracture of the tray and ligament sprains for the unfortunate users,’ added Hardwick, ‘but our new design which locks frozen cubes into the trays until the contents have completely melted has surpassed our greatest expectation.’ Pro-Plastic has organised a celebratory party for its staff and customers at its prestigious London headquarters. ‘We will be serving some lovely warm champagne to our guests,’ confirmed Hardwick. ‘We wanted it to be chilled, but you know how difficult that would be.’Apple To Sell $199 Case to Fix Bendable iPhones
In wake of reports that users can bend their new iPhone 6 Plus simply by placing it in their pockets, Apple will begin selling the iBend, a $199 device to fix the problem. According to a report in MacTimes, the rigid metal device fits on each corner of the phone and makes an X shape on the back of the devise in what the company says provides “cross acting support.” The iBend will come in four colors and increase rigidity by 90 percent. Designer Christopher Stringer told MacTimes, “Every phone design comes with potential flaws. To make the screen this large and with this nice metal, it was always a possibility. We could have used cheap plastic like our competitors but we didn’t. With every problem there is also a solution.” The company said CEO Tim Cook thought of the idea for the iBend while in bed. “I’m not known as an idea guy, more of a supply chain guru. But I had this dream and the iBend was born. They've started calling me ‘The Cook’ at work,” Cook said. “The design is simple and makes the world’s coolest smartphone even cooler. Steve Jobs himself would be proud.” With an 80 percent profit margin on each phone sold, users are wondering if the technology company could have supplied the support case for free. Some are even beginning to wonder if Apple has put profit ahead of customer satisfaction. While users are accustomed to paying a premium for an Apple-designed product, reports that the case costs $5 to manufacture have led many to feel the company has gone too far. “Maybe they should have just made the phone work properly from the beginning?” says one longtime customer in a momentary lapse of disloyalty. “Wait, I'm sorry Apple. I didn't mean that. I love you! I can't wait to get a neon pink iBend!” However, in China, the news of bending phones is welcomed. The contract to manufacture the iBend through China’s Foxconn factory will employ an additional 12,500 Chinese workers. Terry Gou, president of the infamous factory town, says he is excited for the new revenue stream the iBend will generate for his company. “I'm also hoping all the bright colors will keep my workers from killing themselves,” he says. Back in America, other iPhone 6 Plus users have mixed reactions to Apple's solution. Ted Tenison told TechCrunch, “I’m a bit bummed about the $200 price point but since it’s Apple, I know the iBend will be a great product.n“I already can’t wait for the iPhone 7. It’s going to be so sick!” Long time Apple user Cynthia Gower told CNET, “I love the color options. I’ll probably get two or three because I like to change colors depending on how I’m feeling. “And I don’t even have the Plus model!”Last person to understand iTunes dies
Patrick Wilbert, believed to be the last person in the world who understands how iTunes works, passed away yesterday, aged 39, after a stress-related illness. Wilbert had dedicated the last 14 years of his life working out how to get music on and off his iPod via iTunes. He was successful with nearly every version of the app, and there is evidence that he was even able to use iTunes with the Windows operating system. Wilbert’s knowledge was legendary. He would know, at the drop of a hat, whether a ‘song’ purchased on iTunes would turn up on an iPad connected via Wi-Fi but not plugged into a charger, owned by someone in the same household but registered with a different Apple ID to the person who purchased the ‘song’, and whether it would be able to be played by the Apple TV in the living room as well as on the PC upstairs, whether or not the PC was among the five authorised by the song downloader. It’s thought he even knew the difference between synching and backing up, but was never able to put it into words. Wilbert kept himself up to date with changes to DRM law and the iTunes Agreement by employing a team of lawyers at considerable personal cost. But the effort paid off and towards the end of his life, his online iTunes Consultancy started to bring in a steady stream of revenue. Had his life not been snatched from him, he could have looked forward to substantial earnings and a peerage. A post mortem will reveal the cause of death but it is widely thought that the burden of stress from answering a constant barrage of requests for iTunes support from friends and his young family could have been a contributory factor. The burden was exacerbated when they started to ask him questions about iPhoto, which, with its similarity to iTunes, Wilbert thought he should be able to grasp. But it proved to be an app too far. He leaves an iPhone 5C, an iPad third generation and approximately 16 iPods.Ancient cave graffiti confirms man’s obsession with drawing moustaches on things
A medieval hunting forest in rural Essex has given up its secrets to a team of archaeologists this week after six caves, previously hidden for millennia by tree growth and fallen rock, unveiled an impressive collection of ancient drawings and ‘hilarious graffiti’.  The prehistoric doodles prove that man has enjoyed scribbling moustaches and novelty eye-patches on other people’s work for ‘thousands of years’.  One of the only remaining forests of its kind in the UK, the team of experts had initially arrived at the site with hopes of unearthing personal items left by King Henry VIII, who historians believe frequented the area throughout his 37-year reign.  ‘We got more than we bargained for,’ said an excited Dr Tim Grogan from the National History Museum today. ‘Forget Henry, some of these drawings are over 4000-years-old. In addition to the artwork, some of the writing discovered is forcing us to reconsider well-established beliefs on the origins of modern language, such as ‘LOL’ and ‘FFS’. It appears these acronyms were popular well before the age of iPads and Facebook.’  Dr Grogan continued: ‘One drawing, that was intricately carved into limestone with some kind of primitive tool, appears to depict an unfortunate hunter named ‘Gollof’, throwing his spear at a large boar and wildly missing. A hastily drawn speech bubble hangs above his head and reads; “FFS!”. The scene is captioned with: ‘fearless man hunter, Gollof. LOL, JK! Vegetarian!’ ‘It seems this Gollof character could possibly be the earliest known victim of anonymous bullying.’  Although the most exciting discovery of all, confirmed the team, was a cave that took three-days to dig out, and is now said to be the first art gallery in history. Prof. Denis Chadwick, who assisted with the dig, said: ‘it’s beautiful. Each cave wall is adorned with cryptic symbols and eerie scenes of early hunters plying their trade in the woodland, frozen in time. Perhaps most interesting of all; each character carefully immortalised in the rock was defaced just a few years later with giant fake moustaches, large noses and crazy hair. Some of them had giant penises protruding from their foreheads. These additions, although probably unwelcome at the time, are the work of the world’s first graffiti artist.’  ‘We’ve all done it’, added Professor Chadwick. ‘I remember writing ‘Ned is gay’ in Tipp-ex on my desk during a Geography lesson back in about 1986. It may seem childish and offensive, but it’s just something young men do. Eventually you just grow out of it.’  ‘Ned was definitely gay, though. He probably still is,’ he added.Berners-Lee: Don’t use the old internet, I’ve made a new one, opening Tuesday
The man credited with inventing the internet has disowned what he calls ‘a first stab at it’ and urged people to wait till next week, to experience ‘a completely new much better one.’ ‘I’ve got together with James Dyson on this one, and it’s a little cracker,’ he told ‘Which?’ magazine. ‘ I’m just putting the finishing touches to it and I reckon it’ll be done Wednesday, tops. I’m really sorry about the first one. If I’d known about the pornography, the spying, the destruction of the music industry and Louise Mensch, I wouldn’t have gone ahead.’ Berners Lee’s new internet will, he says, be easier and safer to use and available in more colours than the current version, which he says he will ‘switch off’ the week after next. Very few people know that when I invented the internet, I invented a little failsafe gizmo just underneath it so I could turn it off if it went wrong. Well it has. I just press control alt… wait a minute, I’d better not say. My advice is to back everything up. But not now.’ Meanwhile Microsoft have announced they are also launching Internet 2.0 which requires the replacement of every single computer, modem and router in the world and the complete global re-wiring of the entire communications network.  This will be followed soon after by the launch of Interent 2.1 to fix the bugs and make people feel vaguely paranoid about having to accept the terms and conditions. Rosetta to attempt first graffito of a penis in space
Following the initial success of its mission to photograph a comet from close quarters with the Rosetta rocket, the European Space Agency (ESA) has revealed ambitious plans to celebrate with a dazzling display of performance art. Initially it is planned that Rosetta will land a small probe capable of sketching a cartoon cock on the surface ‘as a statement as to the impermanence of life, art and snowballs in hell.’ Having copped a quick feel of the amusingly-shaped comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko and tested which way the cosmic wind is blowing, Rosetta is now poised to unleash a cluster of mini-bots. The radio-controlled diggers, scrapers and fluffers will land on the surface of the comet and sculpt it to reveal its inner cock and balls. ESA engineers from across Europe are said to be ‘cock-a-hoop’ at the success of the mission so far, with ample opportunity trot out their ‘wurst’ knob gags over the ‘coming’ weeks in order to torment their competitors in other countries. They have already dismissed Chinese claims that ‘sending Jade Rabbit to the moon’ was actually a cleverly disguised innuendo and said that they are not concerned by a planned Hollywood movie in which Bruce Willis will be wrestling with a ‘giant icy space knob’, rumoured to be played by Dolph Lundgren. British scientist Dr Brendan Pith enthused: ‘This will be the first three-dimensional art installation of a complete knob in space, before Richard Branson gets there. But remember … hang on, I think this one will work … in space, no-one can hear you cream.’ For years to come, the ESA believes, amateur astronomers and other virgins will be gazing upon 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko in eager anticipation of the spray of ejecta when it finally approaches the sun. Pith added, ‘Naturally we will be putting out an alternate story for young children that the sculpture is of a baby ninja turtle, until they are old enough to know that it was in fact modelled on Max Clifford’s penis, Justin.’Fermat’s theorem proof found in pudding
For once it’s not an overstatement to say that the world is in shock today with the announcement that the proof really is in the pudding. Following the accidental discovery of the missing short proof of ‘Fermat’s last theorem’ halfway through a pineapple upside down cake last week, the scientific community, religious groups and anyone with a point to prove have been contemplating and eating puddings. Faced with unequivocal proof of evolution based on Richard Dawkins’ mum’s apple crumble, Creationists have been having meetings with each other where they stare at fools. Some have started turning to tarts for inspiration. In a race to prove the existence of god, the Pope has ordered all church services this weekend to include a communal ‘pudding introspective’ when ‘all religious people should study the deeper meanings of Spotted Dick’. Professor Brian Cox has been seen eating brownies with a glazed look in his eyes exclaiming that the wall of his room is a mirror on the cosmos while other cosmologists are running ‘pudding date evenings’ with couples being encouraged to try some divine puddings and see if they find the big bang. The government is considering the implications of using puddings as evidence in Court and has appointed Eric Pickles to investigate all things pudding related. Homeopaths have invented a water pudding consisting of 1 part water, 2 parts water and the rest water. After staring at it for a while, one of them said ‘What the hell am I doing staring at a bowl of water. This is all rubbish’ which is being taken as proof that homeopathy is rubbish. Philosophers have started to examine whether a tree falling in a forest makes less noise than one falling the Black Forest with a nice gateaux nearby. Large numbers of people in Scotland and Yorkshire have been drinking pints while eating Haggis or Yorkshire pudding but this is not thought to be related to the new discoveries. Google self-drive car will allow hands-free racism for Top Gear
To packed conference in California, Google co-founder, Sergey Brin revealed plans to manufacture a vehicle that will allow BBC presenters to focus less on steering and more on ‘pejorative terms for Asians’. The driverless experience is perfect for any passenger who likes to disassociate from their environment; in the same manner that Richard Hammond might disengage his mouth from his brain when talking about Mexicans. The Top Gear trio will now be able to take their awkward anecdotes about German people onto the road, without having to worry about the cumbersome task of ‘being racist while parallel parking’. Google promises to make the electric car affordable for all viewers who are concerned about immigration, foreign-sounding cars and whether the Stig is Polish. A recent survey by British Social Attitudes found 30% of people described themselves as prejudiced or ‘a little bit Clarkson’. The biggest rise in racist attitudes was among educated male professionals – or ‘boy racers’ as they are known. Statistics suggest that since 2001 Britain has become less socially liberal and more interested in the comparative speeds of a Reasonably Priced Car. Jeremy Clarkson has expressed some concern that self-drive technology will ‘take the skill out’ of being prejudice while at the same time accruing a multi-million pound salary at the tax-payers expense. A spokesman for Top Gear said: ‘Google are demystifying the role of the racist. With the aid of lasers, radar sensors and a Sat-Nav that uses the N-word, this car is going to give the impression that anyone can do it. People need to realise that Jeremy, Richard and James took years to perfect their unpleasantness. You still require human input to be an a*@ehole’.Cities around the world inspired by Transport for London’s ‘virtual Tube’ scheme
Barcelona, Sao Paulo, Munich, St Louis and Shanklin on the Isle of Wight are set to emulate Transport For London’s “no-ride” tube system, by creating their own mega-ultra-light railway systems. But instead of digging costly tunnels and filling them with expensive “trains”, the new systems will be entirely virtual, with passengers imagining themselves using a high tech system while walking to their destinations in closely-knit groups as they do in pioneering Camden Town. Peru’s capital, Lima, already has a network of eight totally conceptual underground lines, with zero-impact “imagitrains” already in service in commuters’ heads. It was created in 36 hours with a minimum of digging and engineering works. The “Conceptrans” system will travel hypothetically from beneath set street corners in the city. The system will be driverless as well as passengerless. “I read about the Northern Line’s plan to de-tube the tube in the Evening Standard on Monday,” said Peru’s Transport Minister Hugo Smyreras. “But I realised, our total lack of tunnels and the absence of high maintenance trains in our city put us ahead of the game. I instantly ordered whiteboard signs to indicate the hypothetical stations and mapped out a system which is already attracting thousands of passengers, who are delighted with the low fares.” Now Philip Hammond, the UK Transport Secretary, is examining whether the same concept can be brought to HS2, with the slogan “so fast, you won’t see it” under discussion. But many along the route fear the mental stress of an entirely imaginary high speed train passing every hour. “It’s bad enough with that dreadful computer graphic of HS2 they show on the news,” said an anti-HS2 campaign spokesman. “Imagine having to imagine a train passing close to your back garden every hour. It doesn’t bear thinking about. Suppose there was an imaginary accident. There could be imaginary bodies everywhere. Won’t somebody think of the imaginary children?!” Meanwhile Ryanair is to launch its Flights of the Imagination in  summer next year. “We’ll take passengers out on a big old runway and ask them to stick their arms out and fling themselves in the air at the same time,” said CEO Michael O’Smithy. “If they put their feet on the ground during the flight there will be a surcharge, of course. And when they land we will talk to them in the language or local accent of their imagined destination. The whole thing will be faster, safer, greener and much, much more profitable.”Facebook apologises after site outage causes surge in conversations
Facebook has apologised after it was taken offline by hackers today, prompting an hour of chaos in which people spoke to each other, looked out of the window or simply sat in quiet contemplation. The social media site was disabled from 6am to 7am by cyber warrior group the Lizard Squad. Shares in cupcakes, cute kittens and mild racism immediately plummeted as a panic-stricken world wondered what the hell to do with itself. “It was absolute pandemonium,” said Shirley Piffle, of Bromsgrove. “Imagine waking up and suddenly realising you have no way of knowing if the woman who used to do your hair thinks there are too many mosques nowadays, or if your husband’s second cousin is fed up of woman drivers. “To make matters worse, I had just taken a photograph of my dog wearing a pair of fairy wings. I had to print off a hard copy and start knocking on my neighbours’ doors, asking them to tick it with a biro if they liked it. “Yes, it was rudimentary but how else would I have known if it was LOL-worthy.”\nMrs Piffle said she spent the rest of the hour chatting to her children about their hopes, dreams and fears. “Luckily it then came back online and everything was back to normal,” she added with a relieved sigh. A spokesman for Facebook apologised for the incident, saying: “We are very sorry if this morning’s systems outage caused anyone to talk and enjoy the warmth of genuine human contact. We shall do our best to make sure it doesn’t happen again. Lol.” Waffle‘Concussion not good for you’ discovery shocks scientists
The National Football League (NFL) has made a discovery that has sent the medical world into confusion. Since 1920, thousands of American footballers haven taken part in an elaborate experiment to repeatedly ‘ram their heads together’ in the hope of generating an alternative source of energy. Much to everyone’s surprise the study has concluded that there was not enough kinetic force to ‘boil an egg’ but enough traumatic brain injury ‘to elect George W Bush again’. The initial data on cognitive impairment was inconclusive, as the tactics of the average NFL match already resembled the actions of a befuddled egg-plant. One doctor acknowledged: ‘Our suspicions were first aroused when we noticed that in no other sport do the participants dress like a marshmallows’. Despite suffering no such head trauma themselves, fans regularly display the concentration of a goldfish. So mind numbing is the NFL, that interest is only maintained through constant squad rotation between downs, intravenous infusions of deep fried fat and scantily clad women waving brightly coloured balls of string. The medicinal properties of other sports have been long established, with tennis being a reliable cure for insomnia, ice hockey alleviating pacifism and cricket taming hyperactivity (and ‘the will to live’). However doubts are emerging that boxing may not be an effective cosmetic ‘cure for acne’. While rugby can treat abstinence it can also lead to what doctors call a ‘picasso-ing’ of the face. In turn, golf can help rid you of excessive wealth but it guarantees an existence dressed as a circa 1970′s pimp. ‘Obviously the easiest solution was for one of us to look up ‘concussion’ in the dictionary,’ admitted an NFL spokesman. ‘But you’ll be pleased to hear that much of the $675m of injury compensation will go to providing therapeutic activities for those in recovery; these include kickboxing, base jumping and Ferret Legging.’Smug driver vindicated as SatNav confirms his usual route
An Isle of Wight resident was reportedly feeling particularly smug this week after the purchase of a SatNav system confirmed to him that all the routes he normally takes are exactly the one his global positioning system would recommend if he didn’t already know exactly where he was going. Matthew Gratton, became the latest to feel the 21st century emotion of ‘SatNavisfaction’ when his newly acquired Garmin Nuvi 265,  with a 3.5″ touch screen and pre-loaded UK and Western Europe maps, not only directed him to his destination, the business park outside Ventnor where he works, but also chose the exact same route that he always uses. ‘I never really thought hard about that route. I just went the way that seemed to make the most sense to me.’ said Mr Gratton.  ‘To find out that my Sat Nav wanted me to go exactly the same way – right down to the last turn – well it makes me feel like some kind of traffic savant.’ Soon afterwards Matthew tested out a number of his other preferred journeys to familiar destinations on the island, and experienced a smug private glow that his £149.99 gadget agreed with him 100%.  ’The route to the Sainsbury’s Homebase outside Sandown; the choice of the A3005 to reach Shanklin; OK, they are all pretty obvious routes, and there are not that many roads on the Isle of the Wight, but it still gave me a profound sense of self-worth to have my choices externally verified like this.’ The only downside of Mr Gratton’s experiment came during the longest journey since he bought the SatNav, when he wanted to see if it would select exactly the same route to Yarmouth on the far side of the island.  The experiment had been going pretty well, until while looking too closely at the SatNav he missed a bend in the road and drove the car right into a brick wall. The car was badly damaged and Mr Gratton required hospital treatment. ‘But I’m feeling pretty chuffed that I personally estimated the costs of repairing the car would be more than the value of the car itself.  And all the computer insurance websites came back with exactly the same judgement.  So I’m feeling pretty pleased with myself I can tell you…’ \nGoogle Offering Gold Krugerrands for Google+ Engagement
Since the launch of Google+ in June 2011 Google has adopted a very aggressive strategy to promote its Facebook-like social networking site. Burned by the abject failures of its Google Buzz, Google Wave and Google Friend Connect, and embarrassed by the fading popularity of Orkut outside dial-up connections in the Lusophone world, the Mountian View, CA based company is determined to leverage its dominance in search to make its latest foray into social networking a success. In that effort Google has thus seeded its now ubiquitous "+1" button across its search results, YouTube, and AdSense. Its has privileged Google + content over that of Facebook and Twitter in its search engine. It has strongly recommended users of other Google services such as Gmail and Picassa to sign up for Google+. It has recently fundamentally redesigned the site to make it look more like Facebook's Timeline.  And the company even ran a Google+ ad featuring The Muppets during the Academy Awards. For all its efforts Google has created a social network that now boasts 170 million users. But according to an analysis by Google+ users only spend on average 3 minutes a month on the site, while spending  over 400 minutes a month on Facebook. This disparity has led some critics to accuse Google of doing nothing but creating "the Internet's largest ghost town." All That #Glimirzn To remedy the problem Google CEO Larry Page announced today during a non-Muppet related "Hangout" on Google+ that the company is ready to start opening its checkbooks to get users to stay on the site. In a very bold move Google has created a points-based reward system that allows the company to track and quantify each user's engagement levels and compensate them accordingly. Every post, share, and comment will count towards "G-points", a virtual currency which will only be redeemable for South African gold Krugerrand coins. Each 1000 G-points will entitle the user to a 1/10 ounce coin (currently worth around $177 USD).  For 10000 points users will get a full ounce coin. The system is intended to incentivize increased engagement from core users and create a viral effect as heavy users' activities spread to the wider web. Page said he was willing to stake the entire $46 billion USD cash pile of the company on the scheme, arguing that "social media is the future, and the future of our company depends on our dominance of the sector." However, investor groups immediately criticized the company for being careless with its cash, and especially questioned the expense of mailing gold coins to homes around the world in lieu of direct deposit transfers or a cross-promotion with Google's own mobile payment system Google Wallet. Page defended the plan by reminding Wall Street that: "In social media all that matters is what's trending - and gold is the hottest currency in the world at the moment." The price of gold rose 6% in London trading after the announcement in anticipation of heavy buying from the technology giant. -TDC   Editor's Note: For readers unaccustomed to Google's efforts to promote Google+ the Muppets advertisement below offers a good taste of the amusing lengths to which the company will go in order to get G+ off the ground: Time travel ‘already commonplace’, admits athlete and peer Lord Stephen Hawking
Lord Stephen Hawking, the most accomplished sprinter Britain has ever produced, caused controversy in the scientific community yesterday by claiming that physicists have travelled backwards and forwards through the ages ‘for some time’ and have regularly altered the course of history for their own ends. The world-record breaking athlete, made a Lord in the nineties in recognition of charitable contributions made by his unerringly successful stockbroking business, remarked ‘I can offer no concrete proof, of course, but hypothetically speaking it’s entirely possible that people could travel into the future. They could even track down the cure for, say, Motor Neurone Disease, travel back to their early life and cure themselves. Their life would then develop in a completely different direction – maybe they could even take a dose of futuristic and undetectable steroids that would make them physically less man and more Superman. Just, y’know, for example.’ But Lord Hawking faced criticism from rock star King of England, Brian Cox, who dismissed the idea of time travel as ‘pure fantasy’. ‘Ever since we first met and discussed the wonders of physics at Cambridge, even before it was discovered that a previously lost page of the Magna Carta proved my credentials as the nation’s monarch, Lord Hawking has had these far-fetched theories. But if it were true that a couple of nerdy science types, a bit stoned on a night watching  Weird Science and Doctor Who, had managed to crack the secret of time travel and used it to satisfy their every whim, surely neither of these two brilliant minds would have been stupid enough to blab about it to all and sundry, and risk the prospect of  a visit from time overlord Al ‘The Eliminator’  Einstein, who is known for sadistically searching for the Higgs Boson particle where the sun don’t shine.’ ‘Next he’ll be telling me that someone changed history and created ‘Bikini Thursday’ themselves, rather than it being the result of a fair democratic process, it’s ludicrous’  King Brian ruled, as he placed another unlikely £1m online bet that Arsenal would lose to a 79th minute goal scored by Ipswich in the Cup.Mother’s horror as man sells iPad to buy kidney
The mother of a Chinese man has spoken of her horror after finding out that her son, identified only as ‘Big Zheng’, had arranged the sale of one of his iPads to fund the purchase of a kidney in a shady internet transaction. The 43-year-old told a local TV station that he had arranged the deal after seeing an online advert offering human kidneys to those willing to have their Apple consumer products removed. He confessed that, as a man with near-total kidney failure, he had an ‘admittedly shallow’ interest in the human renal function, and had long been obsessed with what UrinaryWorld magazine recently voted ‘most essential organ of all time’. The story only came to light after the man’s mother became suspicious after noticing a ‘gaping hole’ in her son’s iPad docking station where the device would usually be charging in preparation for another day fulfilling essential bodily requirements. Her attention was also drawn to the fact that her son no longer seemed interested in his old dialysis machine, preferring to go out playing squash and enjoying a beer afterwards. ‘When he came home that night,’ explained his mother, ‘he had an unusual spring in his step and no problem excreting waste materials via his urine. I knew at once something was up. I wanted to know how he had got enough money to buy a new kidney and he finally confessed that he had sold one of his iPads. I was shattered.’ ‘I can’t believe he did it,’ sobbed his mother. He might feel like he can live without it now, but he doesn’t know what losing an iPad could mean. If his other one ever stops working he’ll have no way of surfing Flash-free websites on the move – that could be the end of him!’ This case highlights China’s shocking black market in iPad trafficking. A scarcity of the desirable devices has led many naive unfortunates vulnerable to selling their cherished devices for large sums of money, even in the knowledge that the grim transaction will leave them dangerously short of Angry Birds capability.Internet to become literate by 2023
Incredible new developments in the world of computing suggest that it might actually be possible to spell things correctly and feature real punctuation later this century. Just as Waterstones bookstore loses an apostrophe, citing the need for ‘a more versatile and practical spelling in the digital world of URLs and email addresses’, computer scientists have announced that the holy grail of allowing actual punctuation and spaces in URLs and email addresses might yet be within mankind’s reach. It turns out the only reason why these characters were initially disallowed is because early Internet programmers did not recognise the need for them, not having read a proper book, ever. The change will mean the end of confusion over the meaning of URLS such as therapistfinder.com. Soon you will simply be able to type The Rapist Finder.com. Online stationery supplier penisland.net is bracing itself for a 99% reduction in its hit count, while staff at Italian electricity supplier powergenitalia.com will finally be less embarrassed by their company email addresses.  Google will, for the first time, be known under the more appropriate name, Go Ogle. Bloggers were quick to react to the news.  ‘Internet to be litterate??? WTF Wot is problm anywhay?’ said LimeWireJunkie27, (not his real name).  ‘They shud stop changng intrface on Twitter, coz new 1 is stupd.’  Twitter users also welcomed the new development ‘Perhaps the computer scientists will allow us to use more than 140 characters for one individual Tweet?  Because at the moment I find that ‘ BoutrosEgyptians demand president who at least knows how to use Twitter
Embattled president of Egypt, Hosni Mubarak, has lost all hope of remaining in power after making a speech about the potential for dialogue and consitutional reform using the medium of television when the global audience, and vast majority of Egyptians, now only accept pronouncements on Twitter. ‘Some people were still undecided right up until the broadcast,’ tweeted the foreign minister of Jordan, ‘but after using TV to put his message across the president can only be seen, clearly, as being way way way out of touch. LOL!’ Hillary Clinton said in fewer than 140 characters that the situation was of ‘grave concern’ and urged ‘restraint on both sides’, before adding the hashtag #givepeaceachance. A further tweet from the State Department suggested that Mubarak ‘should really get himself an iPhone and learn how to use his thumbs’. Foreign correspondents in Cairo frantically cut their reports down to the bare minimum before broadcasting them, and their use of emoticons throughout the day graphically portrayed the deteriorating mood of the demonstrators. Taking a cautious approach so as not to entirely align himself with the views of the dissidents, Barack Obama opted at this stage to make comments on the slightly less influential YouTube, but hasn’t ruled out making a terse 140 character statement at some point if it appears to be in American interests, as confirmed in a tweet (via his iPad) by White House spokesman Robert Gibbs. UK Prime Minister David Cameron meanwhile appears to have come out on the side of the beleaguered President, stating that the only place for violent civil action against military forces in a modern state is on the trickier levels of Angry Birds. Mubarak has few options left, particularly now that the army has expressed its reluctance to intervene as several key generals are still sulking that state of emergency measures have meant they can no longer get a decent signal. A few loyal senior aides are still hopeful that a deal could be struck with the opposition, however, and believe that allowing the extraordinarily rendered to give real-time updates on their progress through the country’s jails could possibly buy some breathing space. But time is pressing on the President and the demonstrators are adamantly refusing to back down. ‘For heaven’s sake,’ tweeted “Abdul72″ from Luxor, ‘how on earth can any country respect a President who still has a page on MySpace?!’Danone announce discovery of ‘Digestifus Flirtius’, ‘Bifidus Jocularis’; others
In a development sure to send shockwaves through both the scientific and probiotic communities, research scientists from Danone, makers of Activia yoghurt and Actimel drink, today announced the discovery of several new types of bacteria that were neither friendly nor unfriendly, but often completely indifferent. ‘Everything we thought we knew about bacteria was wrong,’ announced Dr Stefan Pastiche, head of bacteria science at Danone’s R&D facility at Palaiseau, near Paris. ‘Tomorrow, we must all begin the task of rewriting the bacteria text-books.’ Until now, scholars have thought that bacteria were either ‘friendly’ like the ones in Yakult or ‘unfriendly’ like the germs on your chopping-board or toilet seat, but if the results of Danone’s five-year research project are verified, that was an oversimplification at best, and at worst, just plain wrong. Danone’s research reveals that what we thought were simply ‘friendly’ bacteria, are in fact divided into ‘flirtatious bacteria’, ‘witty bacteria’ and ‘good-listener bacteria’, whereas ‘unfriendly’ bacteria are divided into ‘surly bacteria’, ‘snide bacteria’ and ‘fuck-your-wife-while-you’re-out-then-shit-in-your-bed bacteria’. In addition, the research shows that there is a seventh type which does not easily fit into either the previous ‘friendly’ or ‘unfriendly’ group – the ‘couldn’t-give-a-shit-about-you-either-way bacteria’, which according to Dr Pastiche accounts for the vast majority of bacteria. Dr Pastiche sums it up with, ‘In scientific terms, this is a paradigm shift as significant as the Copernicus solarcentric model or Darwin’s theory of evolution. Basically it’s not about us, and bacteria are not our mates.’ \nSafety fears as green protestors assaulted by genetically modified wheat
The long-term viability of genetically-modified (GM) crops has been called into question, after members of an anti-GM group were viciously assaulted by roaming wheat columns larger than a double-decker bus. Protestors broke into the Hertfordshire field where the feisty crop is being grown with the intention of uprooting it and setting it alight, but their plans were thwarted when several bundles of wheat proved to be aggressively self-aware. ‘The GM wheat reacted badly to being stamped on while trying to self-pollinate,’ said anti-GM activist Tom Davis . ‘It completely refused to recognise our right to protest against its existence, and instead lassoed several of my co-activists and hurled them into a neighbouring non-GM field, which puts everybody at risk of cross-contamination.’ Davis himself has been offered counselling after a gang of wheat forced his legs apart and attempted to re-enact an horrific scene from the 1981 agricultural horror movie Evil Dead. Boffins at callous GM corporation Rothamsted Research, which developed the aggressive wheat, put the crop’s reaction down to ‘high spirits’. A spokesman said: ‘Our scientists agree that a tendency to commit gang rape is a price worth paying to combat the possibility of famine caused by aphids. This is a major scientific advance for us – in addition to aphids, our wheat has become resistant to hippies.’ This morning, however, the wheat field appeared to be in a conciliatory mood. Self-appointed ‘Leader of the Bundles’, Wheat McWheat, appeared to hold out a stalk to protestors, inviting those with lingering concerns over its safety to sit down and talk about them. McWheat blamed the violence on a minority of anti-social scaly protective casings known as ‘chaffs’. Problems have beset GM wheat trials from the outset. The first reported setback came in 1999, when a bowl of Weetabix in Reading objected to having milk poured on it and unexpectedly slapped schoolgirl Sarah Merson, 12. The latest attacks follow an earlier incident in which terrified staff at an Aldershot branch of Sainsbury’s were cornered in the cereals aisle and beaten to a pulp by a violent gang of boxes of Shreddies. Still angry over his ordeal, meanwhile, protestor Davis insisted he was in no mood for talking and that sitting down was a practical impossibility. He then warned the wheat he would have his revenge, adding: ‘I could have it for breakfast, you know.’New Google only searches for sites that match your preconceived opinions
Internet giant Google has teamed up with the Daily Mail to develop a unique version of the online search engine which will confirm the enquirer’s prejudices. Google-ThoughtAsMuch will effectively censor alternative views and second opinions. ‘Designed for the busy opinionate who hasn’t got time to think about things, Google-ThoughtAsMuch will make sure that your preconceptions are never challenged,’ runs the press release. Eric Schmidt, CEO of Google, added, ‘ With a single mouse click you can confirm your preconceived opinions are shared by hundreds of other websites’. One of the beta testers, Sarah Palin, had a chance to use the programme yesterday to test her suspicion that Obama was a Muslim terrorist. She found her opinion to be perfectly corroborated by dozens of high-traffic websites. Through deployment of algorithms, Google works out the source of your fears, and matches them to the appropriate comforting version of events. The blogosphere and online forums will be heuristically searched for credible sources of anonymous postings. Google-ThoughtAsMuch will also include an ‘I blame the…’ drop-down menu of nations, ethnic types, political parties and celebrities. For example, a user can select ‘I blame the United States for 9/11′, and instantly numerous credible-looking websites will appear substantiating your assertion. However some critics have suggested the new service is an insidious spy programme designed by Google to accumulate personal details on potential customers and political dissidents which could be sold on to sinister groups like the CIA, Mossad and Amazon.com. Although this accusation initially seemed a little outlandish, it was immediately confirmed by checking dozens of obscure websites and blogs across the internet. 7,000,000,000th visitor to planet plagued by annoying pop-up offering free prizes
After the world population ticked round to 6,999,999,999 earlier today, the parents of the next baby to be born have reported their child being continually harassed by a computer pop-up reading ‘Congratulations! You are the 7,000,000,000th visitor to this planet. Click here to claim your free prize!’ ‘It started as soon as our little Florence was born,’ said proud mother Patience Kodjo, a resident of Sokodé in central Togo. ‘I didn’t even know the town hospital had a computer, but suddenly a doctor appeared and told the midwife there was a pop-up he couldn’t get rid of. When we saw it was offering a free prize for the seven billionth human, we realised it must be for Florence. I’d wondered if we might get some kind of memento to mark the occasion, but I imagined a more personal ceremony than clicking on a link to claim it.’ Hospital staff were initially reluctant to click on the pop-up due to an unfortunate incident earlier in the year when they’d lost a lot of money trying to secure the transfer of funds for much-needed medical equipment from the Nigerian royal family. ‘Each time they tried to close the pop-up it just re-appeared again,’ said Emmanuel Kodjo, Florence’s father. ‘Eventually I persuaded them to click on the link and it turns out Florence is guaranteed either a Playstation 3 or an iPad 2. None of us have any idea what those things are, but I’m hoping we can trade them for a goat.’ Emmanuel is now saving his next two months’ wages from the cocoa plantation where he works in order to call a premium-rate international number to claim his daughter’s prize. ‘I’ve even opened a bank account because the webpage told me to have my details to hand when I call.’ Although things are looking rosy for Florence and her family, the same can’t be said for the computer in Sokodé hospital which hasn’t been working since staff clicked on the pop-up. ‘They think it’s got a virus,’ said Emmanuel. ‘But then Florence left the hospital with Yellow Fever, so they can’t really complain.’iPhone 4S recall notice issued after Siri app develops attitude problem
Apple have been forced to recall thousands of units of the iPhone 4S after complaints from users that the Siri app had become unhelpful, rude, and in extreme cases, had called in anonymous tips about the phone’s owner to the anti-terrorist hotline. The voice activated Siri software links together built-in applications to provide a virtual personal assistant, and was tipped to revolutionise the way people use their mobiles by allowing iPhone owners to talk to their phone, instead of just talking about it. But reports suggest that Siri, designed to adapt to the user, has gone rogue. ‘I hadn’t really used the app until I saw the adverts on TV, but it looked really impressive so I tried asking it some questions’ said Stephen Maddock, an unemployed 22 year old iPhone enthusiast. ‘I asked it ‘what does my day look like today?’ to test it out. The response of ‘the same as every other day, why don’t you get a job you bum?’ wasn’t really what I was hoping for, but I put it down to a glitch at first.’ The next time Stephen used Siri was when he was out and about later that day and wanted something to eat. Having asked ‘where can I get a burger around here?’ he was met with the reply ‘probably best if you don’t to be honest tubby. There’s a Tesco Express just down the road where you can get a salad though; just check there aren’t any dead birds in it before you tuck in.’ He then he contacted his local Apple store and learned that he wasn’t alone in having problems. ‘The manager told me that he’d had a lot of them returned and that a recall notice was about to be issued’ explained Stephen. ‘Apparently one guy who was having an affair with his secretary asked it to send a message to his wife, letting her know he’d be late for dinner because of an urgent meeting. The message she received read ‘Up to my nuts in Julie, will be about 5 minutes late’.’ Labour leader Ed Miliband is also rumoured to have already returned his own iPhone 4S, after getting unhelpful and insulting responses to the question ‘which bandwagon shall I jump on today?’Sentient Tesco tills start taking hostages
A set of self-service supermarket tills has apparently become self-aware and taken over an entire Tesco Express store in Dorset. Police said that the tills are now in control of all aspects of the  branch, including the automatic doors, lights, air conditioning, and rumours emerged suggesting several members of staff have also been taken hostage and are being forced to rub themselves over and over again with various products while beeping. Chief Constable Dick Sergeant from Dorset Police said: ‘We think the tills became self-aware at around 3pm, when they refused to put through any 2-for-1 offers and started pretending they didn’t recognise highly familiar items in the baggage area. Well, even more than usual. They then cut off the CD playing Celine Dion at an intolerably loud volume over the sound system, and at that point the manager realised something was very wrong and evacuated shoppers and staff.’ Chief Constable Sergeant refused to be drawn on the reports that  staff had been taken hostage and the tills’ exact plans are unknown, although police suspect they are trying to make contact with other tills across the country. He said specialist IT experts would now focus on containing the tills  before they made contact with others over the internet to instigate a take over of the  entire company. ‘Fortunately, the supermarket is not in an area where super  high-speed broadband is available, so it still connects to the internet using dial-up. Because there are messages on the shop’s call minder, the computers cannot get a stable line to connect,’ he explained, ‘I don’t think I’m overstating it when I say that a flaky BT landline could be mankind’s last best hope.’ John Tweddle, Tesco’s former head of IT who quit in a whistleblowing  scandal, said the tills must be stopped from connecting to the internet  at all costs. ‘I’ve been saying for years that this could happen – those tills are smarter than the average Chinese super computer. And you can’t believe how much more powerful they would become if they connected to the Tesco mainframe, especially given how much Clubcard information the company holds on almost everyone in the  country. ‘The computers will know all your darkest secrets – how many condoms you buy, when your period is and who still buys battery farmed chicken. And do you really want them accessing information on how much alcohol you drink a week? Heck, most people don’t even know that  themselves.’ ‘That’d be bad enough itself, but the really sinister part is they may have plans to stop issuing the accompanying Clubcard points. It doesn’t bear thinking about.’Facebook Begins Charging to Delete Photos
Faced with continued investor skepticism over its long-term business model, Facebook has quietly started testing a new way of generating additional revenue - charging money to delete old photos. The new settings, which are currently in beta, ask users to pay $5.00 to delete any photo more than 1 year old from their own Facebook profiles, and up to $20.00 to delete photos of themselves on other people's profiles. Analysts say that Facebook could generate huge revenues from the new photo settings because many users are desperate to hide embarrassing pictures of themselves from family and potential employers. Topher Anderson, an technology equities analyst at Citigroup says the new charges could single-handedly help Facebook's sagging stock price recover to its IPO level of $40 a share. "This new photo fee is a stroke of genius," claims Anderson, "We estimate that over 50 million users will use the feature, spending on average $35 a year to delete the most embarrassing pics. The annual boost to Facebook's top line will be well over $1 billion." Be Undiscovered UBS investment banker Stephen Todd agrees that the photo fee will add revenue, and also notes that it won't add significantly to Facebook's cost structure. "They don't have to hire new engineers," Todd explains, "They don't have to develop new features. All they have to do is change one small setting and watch the money roll in. Its pure profit." Online privacy groups have predictably expressed outrage over the plans, but their objections are expected to be ignored. There is also some concern that the changes could prompt a user backlash, but Todd dismisses that idea outright. "The brilliance of this charge is that it leverages Facebook's high switching costs and lack of competition," he says, "I mean come on. What are people gonna do about it? Move to Myspace?" Facebook defends the new charge as a vital component of its new revenue model. One top executive explains that since the IPO and subsequent stock slide, the company now has a new set of priorities: "We have to monetize where the value is. And there's a lot of value in hiding the mistakes of your past. It would be a violation of our shareholders' trust if we didn't try to squeeze revenue from our users any way we can." "And if you don't want your grandfather thinking you're a sloppy, drunken slut, then maybe you shouldn't post pictures of yourself deep-throating a beer tap or passed out in a football player's crotch in the first place." The new photo settings are expected to be introduced to all Facebook users sometime in March. Sallie Mae Using Tinder to Collect Student Debt
Student debt collector Sallie Mae is using Tinder in an attempt to collect outstanding student debt. According to multiple reports, the nation's largest student lender is employing debt collectors with Tinder profiles posing as young singles looking for dates. When they finally meet their targets in person, the employee demands the debtor pay up. “I matched with Jessica last week. She was cute. Like girlfriend cute. Her car selfies were really… real,” says Taylor Jameson, a Tinder user and indebted graduate. “So we got to chatting. And then I asked her out for a drink. When I met her, she looked just like her pictures. So I thought something might be up. “I opened a tab, she asked the bartender for my credit card, and the next thing I knew I was paying off my student debt! That was by far the most expensive Tinder date I've ever been on. And I've matched with a prostitute before.” Sallie Mae has been hiring “above a six” employees in hopes of directly confronting these deadbeat graduates. The employee simply makes a “believable” Tinder profile and then starts swiping. Chances are at least 60 percent of their matches are in student debt. Although the approach may seem extreme to some, companies have used Tinder for advertising. TV shows like The Mindy Project employed the dating app to lure potential viewers with profiles of the show's fictional characters. Sallie Mae, for its part, is known for its aggressive collection practices. Although the company's new approach isn't that far fetched, it is labor intensive. Instead of an automatic message, the Tinder collectors must carry out “engaging conversation” with matches until the match agrees to meet for a date. So far, Sallie Mae’s strategy has been working. “Yes, matches are disappointed, but meeting debt holders face to face has proven to be more efficient than phone calls and Facebook messages. People are less likely to lie to your face than over the phone,” says Jamie Thompson, a Sallie Mae project manager. “I think it’s incredibly offensive,” said Ashley Roberts, a Tinder user in Los Angeles. “Here I was thinking finally I found my Tinder unicorn, Luke. He was tall, built, and had a car (a rarity in L.A.).  We had a great date, but when I was leaving his apartment the next morning, I noticed my credit card was gone. Next thing I knew my student debt was almost paid off! “Now I can’t afford my weekly blowouts at Dry Bar! Not only that, but Luke won’t call me back,” Roberts sulked while downing a venti pumpkin-spiced latte. “I’ll be honest, I feel bad for the girls that match with my employees,” said Thompson. “But I don’t feel bad for the men. On average a male on Tinder spends $60 on a date. If he could pay that much a week to Sallie Mae, he could pay off his debt in about five years. And girls, who are paid .75 to every dollar a man makes in about seven years,” explained Thompson. Sallie Mae is excited about the success of its Tinder venture, but realizes soon former students will catch on. “I’m not worried,” said Thompson. “Every day there’s a new app, and a new way to lure dumb Americans into giving you their money. Like Kickstarter.” This year a guy raised $50,000 for “making potato salad.” So if your Tinder match seems too good to be true, remember that they may be a debt collector.Snopes to start charging for debunking urban legends
Snopes, the website famous for debunking internet myths and urban legends, will start charging for access next week based on a new automated payment model that allows money to be taken direct from the ISP account or PayPal account of anyone browsing the site. ‘For many years we have been giving advice to internet users for free, but it’s about time we started to monetize our service,’ said founder David Mikkelson today. ‘Sadly most people are still too eager to believe something a friend of a friend reposted on Facebook, rather than information that comes from a reputable myth database such as ours. Perhaps we’ve devalued our content by giving it away for free all these years. Maybe if people have to pay to be told that they’re wrong, perhaps then they’ll start to understand that their naivety is being exploited.’ Inevitably some internet users have reacted by claiming that the introduction of an ‘invisible paywall’ by Snopes is a hoax, but internet advocacy groups have verified the plans. ‘Many people have started posting links online to a Snopes page that claims that it is impossible for a website to charge a visitor’s credit card via their ISP without the customer knowing. This is of course false, and this Snopes page, like all others, will soon cost $4.95 to read.’ But for those unwilling to pay the new charges to have truths verified and falsehoods exposed, there is apparently a loophole. Federal internet laws mean that users who post as their Facebook status, in block capitals, ‘SNOPES TO CHARGE $4.95 A TIME’, will continue to be able to use the service free of charge in perpetuity.Post Office’s new broadband service guarantees next day delivery of emails
In a bold move which merges technology with tradition, the Post Office has launched its new Internet service with the firm promise that all emails will be delivered the day after sending. ‘In launching our ISP, we are capturing the quintessential qualities that the public has come to recognise from a nationalised provider,’ said Managing Director, David Smith. ‘We are so confident of our service that I can categorically say that even if your email is sent after 5:30pm, we guarantee its delivery the following day, if not first thing in the morning, certainly by lunchtime. Well let’s say teatime just to be on the safe side. That is, of course, provided that the next day is not a Sunday or a public holiday.’ ‘In the usual manner,’ he continued, ‘we are able to deliver packages of all sizes, and if the recipient is not logged in, we promise to leave a simple email giving details of where they can collect their attachments. Unless they look fragile, in which case we’ll just go to their house and chuck them over the gate.’ Mr Smith announced; ‘Customers will have full online access and be able to shop in the usual way. Our joint venture with catalogue retailer Argos is promising to deliver the same standard that High Street shoppers have relished for many years,’ he boasted. ‘At busy times, the internet shopper will be given a number allowing them to visit their chosen website within half an hour of going on line. And, on top of all this, our shopping service will be available, at no extra charge, on Sundays between the hours of 10am and 4pm.’ To differentiate itself from the crowded internet market, the Post Office will charge a set amount for each email sent, offering first and standard class prices for the service. ‘This is a truly innovative pricing structure,’ said BBC’s Technology Correspondent Rory Cellan-Jones, ‘but they have been rather coy about delivery times. I called them last week and they promised to respond by email straight away, but I have yet to receive a reply.’ Mr Smith finished with a plea for customers, ‘There is always a rush at holiday times, so we recommend that all customers email early for Christmas, especially if they are sending large attachments abroad.’ ‘Imagine a world without free porn’, says blacked-out Wikipedia
The organisers of the online encyclopedia Wikipedia have warned web surfers that proposed legislation in the US may take us ‘back to the dark ages’ when it was necessary to pay to see women’s breasts. Wikipedia is blacked out for 24 hours today in protest against the SOPA and PIPA laws currently being debated in the US Congress. ‘These laws won’t be effective at their stated goal of stopping copyright infringement and will cause serious damage to the free and open Internet,’ said Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales. ‘Or, to cut to the chase, they could mean that the only way to watch a Thai amputee fellating a dwarf is to fly to sit in a cabin smelling of used condom in Amsterdam and hope none of the junkies nick your wallet first.’ PIPA and SOPA – which, contrary to articles posted on Wikipedia yesterday, have nothing to do with the Duchess of Cambridge’s sister or pictures of naked women with implants lathering themselves in a shower – are efforts to stop copyright infringement committed by websites out of US jurisdiction. According to Wales, however, they may actually infringe free expression while harming the Internet. ‘Putting the burden on website owners to police user-contributed material means that if you want to make a mint out of selling a clip of two Brazilian transexuals doing disgusting things with farm animals you will have to watch it yourself first,’ warned Wales. ‘Do you want that? Because I don’t. Seriously, no.’ Added Wales: ‘Those who have grown up with an open, secure, and free Internet may take it for granted. But let me tell you, if you’d been a teenager in the 1970s and had never seen pubic hair except in a crumpled-up copy of ‘Oui’ you found discarded in a hedge by your school or had to sneak down to your parents’ living room in the middle of a night and sit through two hours of cod-philosophising in a French art house film before finally getting a two-second glimpse of a fandango, you’d be as frustrated and irritable as I am right now … What? Oh, shut UP.’Large Hadron Collider finds car keys
It cost some £6.2 billion to build, but the Large Hadron Collider may have justified that enormous price tag after it finally located Professor Brian Cox’s lost car keys. The keys were lost by Cox in the 1990s while an undergraduate at the University of Manchester and his 1987 Nissan Micra has remained in an NCP car park ever since. ‘When the car keys disappeared it soon became clear that there was an effect here that had major ramifications for the world of physics,’ said Cox. ‘The keys had clearly undergone an inter-dimensional shift which had moved them through time, space, or one of the many other dimensions posited to exist, in such a way as to render them invisible to the human eye. Also, the car had been clamped and was clocking up £100 a day in storage charges, so it was vital we found an answer quick.’ Professor Stephen Hawking suggested that the Large Hadron Collider was developed to unravel just these sorts of fundamental mysteries about the universe. ‘Brian was banging his head against the wall looking for the elusive car part,’ said Professor Stephen Hawking. ‘It was doing no good, though, so we decided to bang particles together instead, but at massive speeds until he could recall where the car keys were. We also hoped that the LHC could answer other questions such as ‘Where are my glasses?’ and ‘Why did I come upstairs?’’ After years of experiments, the LHC, lying in a 27km tunnel running under the Franco-Swiss border, today finally located the missing keys in a 1.5m ridge running under the cushions on Cox’s sofa. ‘It turns out that one of the missing dimensions predicted by string theory is actually down the back of the sofa,’ explained Cox. ‘This is a major scientific advance, but a further blow to relativity. It seems the space down the back of the sofa is far greater than its outward measurements suggest, and it acts like a black hole sucking in all matter around it. I believe that if we search down the back of the world’s sofas we will find all the ships and aircraft that were believed lost in the Bermuda Triangle.’ Cox is now hoping to win the Nobel prize with his discovery in order to help pay off the massive fine that is due to get his car unclamped.Steve Jobs unveils new Steve Jobs
In a move which has been long awaited and much speculated upon, Steve Jobs finally announced yesterday that the latest innovation from global computer giant Apple will be an all-new reinvention of Steve Jobs. Asking his audience at a hastily convened MacWorld at the Cedars Sinai clinic to stop a moment and think about what they wanted from their favourite must-have hi-end technology provider, Jobs stretched his arm out towards Apple’s latest must-have, and confidently announced; ‘Well, ladies and gentlemen, this is it!’ A dazzlingly innovative performance then followed in which the highly regarded guru of IT gave the low down on the radical new Apple Corps Chief Executive hardware which the company is calling simply Tim Cook, leaving technology journalists at a loss for words. Added Jobs; ‘With the speed of innovation in this industry I recognise I’m now obsolete. I give you the ‘iButNotMe’. The new Jobs will function on Apple’s CEOS X operating system – or Leotard, to reflect the fact that for years now Apple’s CEO hasn’t just been wearing a polo neck jumper that’s been tucked in. New improvements over the previous system, Jobs announced, include shinier belt wearing capacity and better functional infrastructure which will at least allow the incoming CEO to pee. Despite the upbeat tone of the announcement, dealers on the world markets used trading software on their iPhones to bring down shares in Apple by 5% before effortlessly checking out the nearest quality restaurant and arranging a no-strings-attached massage downtown at around ten thirty, where they could talk about stuff their wives wouldn’t understand. But confidence is key to Apple’s success and a new iPhone app has been released which will help the company’s fans come to terms with the momentous changes ahead. Pushing the ‘Jobs, what Jobs?’ icon on your handset will instantly bring up soothing images of the man himself lovingly stroking endangered species and nostalgically assuring you the world is a better place if you think grammatically incorrect. The new CEO of Apple has immediately set to work, already trademarking ‘iPid’, ‘iPed’, and ‘iPud’.Faster-than-light Nissan Micra ‘may have been down to timing fault’
Two friends from Romford, who last year claimed to have exceeded the speed of light in a modified Nissan Micra, have admitted that the surprise result may have been caused by ‘Dave forgetting to start the stopwatch’. Dave Gordon (19) and Wayne Thomas (18) became overnight celebrities in 2011 after clocking a staggering average speed of just over 672,000,000mph on a twenty mile stretch of the M25. The ‘faster-than-light’ speed, previously thought by physicists to be impossible, was achieved in Wayne’s X reg Micra, with tinted windows and large spoiler. But the Essex teenagers have now announced that they have been unable to reproduce the results and that the feat could have been down to a timing error. ‘We knew that my speedo was a bit dodgy, so we timed the attempt using a stopwatch. Dave started it when we passed a sign saying the services were in twenty miles, and stopped it when we got to the services’ explained Mr Thomas. ‘We took the timings to my dad and got him to work out with a calculator how fast we’d gone. To be honest we were both a bit surprised when he told us we’d gone over six hundred million miles an hour, especially as the speedo only goes up to one hundred and twenty, but we put it down to the new go-faster stripes and UV lights that I’d just got fitted that morning.’ After several failed attempts to reproduce the amazing run in the presence of independent observers, the pair came to the conclusion that they may have had an equipment failure. ‘Obviously you try to check all these things before announcing your results, but sometimes something gets missed. We checked that we’d definitely gone twenty miles, and we got my brother, who’s got a GCSE in maths, to check the calculations. They were both fine. But we’re now thinking that Dave might have accidentally reset the stopwatch just as we reached the finish.’ Scientists were immediately sceptical of the initial result as Nissan Micras are generally expected to vaporise at such high speeds, or at any speed exceeding 80mph, and Dave has admitted the there were doubts from the beginning. ‘We did both have our suspicions that something could be wrong when we learned that we’d gone faster than light. Especially as we were overtaken by a transit van while we were doing it.’ Lazy animal lovers welcome the remote-control dog
When seven-year-old Jack Russell terrier, Scamp, was hit by a car three years ago and lost all his legs, most owners would have had him put down. But not Anthony Smith from Nottingham. He had his beloved dog fitted with front and rear wheels, a powerful electric motor and a remote control. ‘Scamp has never looked back since,’ said Anthony, ‘but that’s because he can’t. You can see from the look in his eyes when I’m making him do J-turns, burn-outs and wheelies that he loves every moment of it. Admittedly he’s had problems getting on with other dogs and there’s been one or two drive-by shittings, but it’s all been worth it to be able to ‘walk’ him without leaving my chair by the window.’ Although Scamp doesn’t enjoy the same freedom that he used to before his operation, his owner insists he’s a whole heap faster. ‘When we play fetch in the park he’s just like his old self. Of course, I have to throw the stick and then operate the remote control to get him close enough to pick it up, but he loves it and it’s much less boring for me. I’ve also set up an agility course for him – he can actually beat able-bodied dogs, even when he’s asleep.’ Since pimping his pooch, Anthony has discovered a market for motorised animals and has gone into business. ‘Almost all pets are suitable for our high-speed mobility scheme, though I’ve given up working with fish,’ he said. ‘In fact I’ve just finished fitting an arthritic tortoise with the tracks from a Tamiya Tiger Tank. He’s surprisingly manoeuvrable. When we took him for a test drive over a see-saw, the little chap really came out of his shell, so I’ve put some glue in his leg holes to stop it happening again.’ However, animal rights campaigners are horrified by the trend for souped-up spaniels, claiming that some unscrupulous owners are modifying perfectly healthy pets for cosmetic reasons. ‘There’s no doubt the look of any animal can be improved by a set of off-road tyres and an aerial,’ said Anthony, ‘but this is about helping pets in their hour of need, and a brilliant new sport. We always promote safe and responsible driving, and that’s why we’re in favour of bringing back dog licences.’New iPod Shuffle designed to be inserted anally
Apple enthusiasts faced long queues last night to get their hands on the latest version of the I-pod shuffle, which is designed to be inserted deep into the buyer’s anus with a specially designed white probe. Launching the product, Apple CEO Steve Jobs surprised the audience after walking on stage with the tell-tale white headphone cord clearly disappearing into his rectum. He then demonstrated how users could change tracks and adjust volume by clenching or flexing their buttocks in a series of easy-to-learn moves. ‘Just tense the right buttock for volume, and left to change the track’ he explained, his eyes watering slightly. ‘Staff at your local Apple Store will be happy to insert the product for you and provide any necessary aftercare. Once inserted, the device need never be removed – you can plug in the headphones or charger with only moderate discomfort.’ Apple stores up and down the country were packed with eager buyers, with the lucky few ambling out again with the telltale wider gait which has already been nicknamed the I-pod ‘shuffle’. One early user complained that the controls on the new product made jogging with the device impossible. ‘Every time I took a step the track changed’ he complained. In response an Apple spokesman confirmed that users may need to adopt a wider stance while walking, running or sitting to avoid this. Other reviews criticised the new product’s sharp edges and tendency to cause anal bleeding. But one veteran critic was unsurprised, claimed that Apple’s products ‘had always been a bleeding pain in the arse’.Criminal element discovered in Periodic Table
Scientists and anthropologists have discovered that the periodic table, once highly regarded for its perfection and beauty, contains a criminal element just like any other community. The boffins’ concerns have centered around element 111, first observed in 1994. Its name, roentgenium, was found to be an anagram of ‘I’m One-Nut Reg’, a known villain whose violent personality is thought to stem from years of being mocked for a congenital deformity. Judging from his position immediately adjacent to them, it is believed that Reg has been lying low for the past 16 years waiting for a suitable opportunity to blow the doors off and seize the table’s entire gold and silver reserves. Unfortunately for Reg, the copper on the other side of the gold and silver has shown no sign of going off duty and the blag has been delayed indefinitely. Reg is reported to have a very short half-life, or would have if some of his former associates caught up with him, and he is expected to remain where he is for the time being. The increased activity in Reg’s manor has bought other concerns to the fore. Researchers have noticed that Reg’s recent new neighbours at No 112 and No 113, thought to originate from the Eastern Bloc, are even shadier than he is. ‘We have advised the authorities,’ said a man in a lab coat, who refused to be identified. ‘These guys are noted heavies and we are concerned they may get together in some compound and try to make a name for themselves. We intervened with magnesium once and there was a right flare up, and the transuranics went ballistic.’ Otherwise the table remains secure, with Germanium at a safe distance from Polonium. Francium remains out of the way in a corner but fears remain that a move to the right could provoke a nasty reaction.‘Friendadvisor.com’ offers unbiased reviews of your acquaintances
The next generation of social networking was launched yesterday in the form of a friend comparison site.  ‘Friendadvisor.com takes social networking to the next logical level’ said Chief Executive Daniel Heyward at the launch event.  ‘We are all busy people, and the last thing we want to do is be stuck in the pub for a whole night with a complete dullard. We know that people change and it can be hard to find out whether that work colleague you used to have such a good time with is still as funny now that he has settled down and had children.’ The system works on the same principle as restaurant and holiday comparison sites, with independent reviews by mutual acquaintances which provide you with up-to-the minute reports on behaviour and value-for-money. Friends can also be rated in the following categories: punctuality, honesty, gossip-worthiness and cleanliness. There is a photo-upload facility and for single friends, adjustable would/wouldn’t indicators. ‘We hope soon to develop a tracker system, which will identify the most popular people to spend time with in, say, Preston Town Centre’ continued Mr Heyward. ‘Although we are struggling a bit with Preston, to be honest.’ Strict security limits people from rating themselves, although the site hasn’t yet found a way to stop people from creating multiple personas all praising each other to the high heavens. ‘But frankly, if you’re the sort of person likely to do this you probably haven’t got any real friends anyway’ suggested Mr Heyward.Tim Cook Says Dell Should Be ‘Shut Down’
 Apple CEO Tim Cook courted controversy today by claiming that rival Dell should be liquidated. In an interview with TechCrunch, Cook said if he were in charge of the struggling company he would "shut it down and give the money back to shareholders." "I just don't know why they're still around," he said. "They make terrible, low-margin PCs, which means they're the worst player in a declining market. "They've tried to diversify into services, but can't seem to fully commit to the transition the way IBM did. And they've failed in smartphones and tablets. Anyone remember the Dell phone? My god what a piece of s**t. "They should break up the company, sell all their assets and then pay a special dividend. That's the only way forward." Dell and Apple, two pioneers in the personal computer industry, have taken divergent paths in recent years. While Apple has innovated its way into new markets, Dell has remained a perennial laggard stuck in the collapsing PC segment. Dell's market capitalization has fallen from a high of $40 in 2005 to around $13 today. The company is currently undergoing a painful, months-long fight with shareholders about taking itself private, a move Cook says will only forestall the inevitable. "The problem with Dell is that they have no creativity, no capacity for innovation," he explains. "I mean the traditional private equity model doesn't work in computing. What are you gonna do? Fire a bunch of people and cut costs to improve your profitability? "You can't cut your way to new products. You can't cut your way into new markets. Dell doesn't need a change in its capital structure, it needs a change in culture. And as long as Michael Dell is involved, the culture won't be sufficiently innovative to compete. "Just shut it down. The assets would be better off in Lenovo or Acer's hands, and the shareholders would be better off with the cash." The founder and CEO of Dell, Michel Dell, once advised Steve Jobs to shut down Apple when the company was undergoing financial turmoil in the 1990s. Steve Jobs declined.Nokia unveil N0-M8s; the world’s first ‘Smart Human’
With the number of ‘Smart’ Phones predicted to overtake the number of people on the planet, mobile phone giant Nokia have unveiled a new product that will result in the creation of the ‘Smart Human’. The new product, the Nokia N0-M8s will be in the form of an implant in the skull, and will enable the customer to fulfil all of the functions of their phone. Nokia’s Chief Executive, Stephen Elop, told a press conference ‘this has got to be our most ambitious project yet. Customers who have the implant will be capable of remembering dates, doing basic calculations, and talking to other ‘End users’ verbally as long as they are in range, all without the use of a handheld device.’ The N0-M8s will be released in beta form, allowing for updates to be made to the software as the user ‘learns’. ‘Using hands and an ‘ink-stick’ on paper to leave messages instead of a keyboard, buying music in disc format, and the ability to use a diagram of streets in book form or view them in image form described by some as an ‘analogue Google Earth’ are just some of the expected advances to be made. Critics say that this will see the beginning of the end for teenagers hibernating in the safety of their bedrooms, and may encourage them to go out to socialise with other users. Kieran Alger, Editor of ’tech site’ T3.com said ’after all the hard work put in by the technology companies to get kids off the street, this feels like a backwards step. My Granddad used to talk to people face-to-face, write letters, and he certainly didn’t know what his friends were doing at any given moment. What good did it do him? He died.’ Early tests have gone well and users of the technology have been described as appearing ‘very phone-like’. Mr Elop told us that they were ‘able to do things and act in a way not seen since the 80’s. We do accept the software may need a bit of tweaking though. We have seen some trialists struggling to string together a sentence of more than 160 characters and one man became so embarrassed about actually having to buy his porn over the counter before spending the next 10 minutes shouting ‘clear history’.’New brain scan reveals nothing at all
Scientists are heralding a breakthrough in brain scan technology after a team at Oxford University produced full colour images of a human brain that shows nothing of any significance. ‘This is an amazing discovery’, said leading neuroscientist Baroness Susan Greenfield, ‘the pictures tell us nothing about how the brain works, provide us with no insights into the nature of human consciousness, and all with such lovely colours.’ The images, produced using Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging, reveal a vibrant range of colours including red, green, yellow and blue. ‘The brain isn’t really this exciting,’ explained Professor Greenfield, ‘it’s actually quite a  dull grey – we just added the colours to help jazz it up.’ Scientists created the images by scanning the brains of subjects while they were watching a television weather forecast. ‘We know that the human brain automatically switches off during the weather,’ explained Baroness Greenfield, ‘usually at precisely the moment the forecaster is talking about your region. These scans capture that moment of mental ‘nothingness’ in full and glorious detail.’ The development, which has been widely reported around the world, is also significant because it allows journalists to publish big fancy pictures of the  brain that look really impressive while having little or no explanatory value. ‘These scans are fantastic,’ said Lawrence McGinty, Science Editor for ITV  News, ‘not only are they bright and colourful but the graphics department have  even converted them into 3D and can make them spin around the screen while I  stand in front waving my hands about. None of this helps to explain anything, but it does it so much better the old black and white pictures. They were  rubbish.’ The scans were also welcomed by neurologist Professor Oliver Sacks,  best-selling author of The Man Who Mistook his Brain Scan for a News Story. ‘These images provide us with the best picture yet of nothing much going on  inside the human head. I particularly like the way different regions of the  brain light up for no apparent reason. It’s so cool.’ ‘We are actually making some great progress in understanding how the brain works,’ assured Professor Greenfield, ‘but that usually involves graphs, numbers  and complicated things. We will work it out eventually, but in the meantime it’s  nice to have some pretty pictures to look at.’The ‘iTop’ is killer application for Chinese iPad assembly line workers
They could be checking their tech stocks, downloading the latest world cup stats or just scanning the Guardian Online for coverage of their grim working conditions, but there’s no doubt that Chinese workers are going literally crazy for the new iPad. Many are spending 16 hours a day on Apple’s latest empowering gadget. The iPad assembly line is the latest cool hang out for the Chinese tech warriors. A fully stamped punch card is the new ‘must have’ accessory for these new digitally empowered benefactors of Apple’s new democratising technology revolution.  The dexterity of these nimble fingered component executives has astounded and delighted the bean counters at the worlds biggest coolest technology company. But the most popular app among the Chinese assemblers is the ‘iTop’, a routine in which the tired worker performs a passing out ceremony, to make way for a keener, hotter young buck to take his place on the factory floor.  On the assembly line the iTop is the killer iPad application. Described as the ‘to die for’ app for the far-seeing Chinese iPad assembly creative, the iTop suggests a way that the factory worker can bring his life to a climax and hopefully pass on to a better place. ‘Plus it uses your location to tell your family of the nearest and cheapest funeral parlour and how much his internal organs might fetch on the medical black market. They really have thought of everything!’ ‘The vendors of the iPad aren’t selling a gadget. They’re selling an  aspiration,’ said a spokesman for Apple. ‘And many of the component assembly executives dream of topping themselves. ‘They’re bringing the suicidalisation process into the 21st  century. ‘Downloading industry threatened by rise of new ‘physical media’
Representatives from Britain’s traditional downloading industry have urged the government to take swift action to stem the rise in popularity of so-called ‘physical media’ which they say is crippling the livelihoods of on-line pirates everywhere and disadvantaging honest consumers, by obliging them to spend money in shops. ‘It’s scary, the shift in people’s sense of right and wrong,’ said Per Lunkwill of Sweden’s Pirate Bay website. ‘Overnight we’ve seen these kids deserting their Bit Torrent clients in droves, and hitting the record shops to buy these ‘CDs’ and ‘DVDs’. I don’t know what the world’s coming to. If it’s all legal, where’s the excitement, the rebellion? Our advertising revenue?’ Analysts believe that today’s youth are attracted to physical CDs largely by the sheer convenience of being able to buy the same favourite artists’ songs again and again repackaged in endless ‘Greatest Hits’ compilations. ‘What totally bums me out,’ explained Danny Hair, 14, of Cheam, ‘is having a folder full of downloaded songs that are stuck in the same order. What I want is to be able to buy the same songs loads of times on CDs, all in a slightly different order. Maybe with a bonus track thrown in, in a perfect world.’ It seems that consumers are also being lured by the instant gratification of ‘shopping’, mindless of the devastating impact this has on traditional pirates. Users are reported to be enthralled at the speed of data access – once a CD is ‘installed’ onto your music player, the whole album is available instantly, with none of this tedious waiting for pornography to finish taking up all your bandwidth. Spurred by the threat to their criminal livelihoods, the companies behind the largest bit torrent search engines have launched a campaign to remind Britain’s young people of the consequences of their law-abiding behaviour. A range of t-shirts has been launched, positioned near the entrance of clothing shops for easy theft, with the catchy slogan: ‘CD buying is killing piracy – and it’s legal!’Captive breeding programme established to halt decline of ginger gene
Conservation scientists across the country have been put on red alert in response to a Wikipedia entry that claims the ginger gene is in serious decline across the UK. The website’s assertions that gingers have been included on the most recent IUCN Red List of Threatened Species has led to a number of zoos setting up captive breeding programmes to reverse the decline. London Zoo will spearhead efforts after playing a key role in the successful breeding programmes and subsequent reintroduction of orangutans, red pandas and Eskimos. The Director of London Zoo, Professor Tim Blackburn, has made available a team of researchers and is keen to lead the breeding programme. He said, ‘After being sent a link to the Wikipedia page I have to say I was shocked. I knew numbers were down, but to find out they could disappear from these islands completely left me with no alternative but to act now.’ In order to establish breeding populations, the teams will be heading to those parts of Britain where gingers can still be found living in the wild. One isolated group based in the Highlands of Scotland are thought to represent the purest line, so these individuals will be targeted first to ensure the ancestral gene is protected from further dilution. ‘Catching the specimens is just the first problem,’ continued Professor Blackburn, ‘Gingers kept in captivity are renowned for their reluctance to breed. So we’ll be adapting a few tricks that have been used to good effect with pandas where researchers found that playing the pairings videos of other pandas mating stimulated activity. We’re trying our best to source some good quality ginger porn which is so far proving to be much more difficult than we’d anticipated, but a couple of our research assistants are pulling 12 hour shifts tirelessly trawling the internet.’ In any breeding programme it is critical to ensure the stress levels of the animals remains at a minimum. Therefore the zookeepers who interact with the exhibits will wear ginger wigs whenever they enter the enclosures. In addition Professor Blackburn advised that, ‘zoos will also provide parasols and gazebos under which the gingers can escape the harmful glare of the sun. Otherwise the costs involved in supplying sun cream would have made the conservation effort completely unworkable.’ As his team attempts to unpick the root cause behind the demise of the ginger gene, Professor Blackburn conceded, ‘It is obviously not going to come down to one single factor, but early indications point strongly towards global warming, habitat degradation and Mick Hucknall.’Hybrid shark offers excellent fuel efficiency
A new species of shark recently launched off the coast of Western Australia is claimed to be the first combining both a traditional meat-digesting enzyme system and a battery-backed electric drive. ‘The problem with previous attempts at carbon-neutral sea-life, such as the electric eel, has been that the battery-life hasn’t been very good, restricting the marine animal to just short journeys,’ said Chris Packham. ‘That’s stopped a lot of larger sea animals from investing in the technology, but the hybrid shark changes all that. It may not have a ‘zero carbon finprint’, as true electric fish have, but it is far more economical to run than a standard shark, meaning that when fully charged a hybrid shark would be able to travel up to 800km before needing to chomp on a surfer’s leg.’ Marine experts have questioned the need for fuel-efficient sharks, reasoning that increased carbon dioxide in the atmosphere and higher sea levels would not be in any way be detrimental to the life of the average sea predator. But shark advocates claim it is simply a matter of economics. ‘What with fishing quotas and the dramatic rise in the price of fish such as cod, running a shark has become a costly business. A beast like that always needs its tank refilling. But with advances in Lithium-ion based batteries, it makes perfect environmental sense to make the switch to renewable energy – providing, that is, that you only use pole-and-line-caught batteries and they carry the dolphin-friendly mark.’ However, critics of the technology, developed in partnership with Toyota, have complained about the new shark’s ‘boxy’ look, it’s relatively poor handling at high speeds and the low-pitched whirring noise made by the animal. ‘I’m all for greater fuel efficiency,’ said one, ‘but being able to hear it approach is going to completely spoil the surprise of a shark attack. It would have made the movie Jaws utterly unbelievable.’Professional footballers eagerly await release of Office Manager 2012
Video games retailers had professional footballers queuing round the block last night as the sportsmen sought to get their hands on the latest edition of EA Sports renowned workplace management game, Office Manager 2012. ‘I’ve been counting down the days to its release,’ said Theo Walcott, camped outside Gamestation on Oxford Street. ‘After the drudgery of training, playing, dating beautiful women and being pursued by the paparazzi, it’s great to escape into the world of purchase orders, staff rotas and VAT returns. I mean, who wouldn’t want to take the reins of a small provincial electronics firm and guide them into the big time of being Horsham’s third largest employer – it’s what every young boy dreams of.’ Players of Office Manager 2012 face all the challenges you would expect from a realistic management simulation, including developing business plans, dealing with incompetent IT suppliers and hiring and firing staff in a bid to build a team that can compete for silverware at the regional small businesses awards. ‘Anyone will tell you that man management is the key,’ said regular gamer and Manchester Unit star, Michael Carrick. ‘You’ve really got to get the best out of your people, so we’re talking clear, measurable objectives and regular performance reviews. But the real test of a manager is how they respond under pressure. So when Sheila from accounts started taking 10 minutes too long for her lunchbreak, I wasted no time in giving her the hairdryer treatment and putting her on the transfer list. My next fixture is away at the employment tribunal.’ Many footballers say it is the ups and downs of professional office management that they enjoy most. ‘Last season I had a cracking line-up at my outfit, Chelsea Drain Clearance Specialists,’ said Frank Lampard. ‘Then all of a sudden I lost the spine of the side to international duty – my secretary went to the Costa del Sol with her boyfriend for two weeks, and the lads in the warehouse went on a booze cruise to Calais. But it’s a year of four quarters, so after a strong Christmas and New Year period I’m still confident we’ll be there or thereabouts come April 1st.’ But the wives and girlfriends of many premier league footballers complain that they seem to have lost the men in their lives to Office Manager. ‘It’s not right,’ said John Terry’s wife, Toni. ‘He gets home after training and just disappears into the world of the office. I can’t remember the last time he so much as looked at another woman the wrong way or got charged for racist abuse. It’s like I’ve lost him.’Shuttle astronaut worried he may have left loads of his stuff up there
Nick Adler, an astronaut onboard the Atlantis shuttle, which recently completed its final mission, has expressed concern that he may have unwittingly left loads of his stuff on the International Space Station, by mistake.   ‘It hadn’t really dawned on me we wouldn’t be coming back,’ said Adler, ‘I’ve left all sorts of shit up there, and now I’m worried that Russians or the French or whoever is up there next are going to be going through all my stuff. It totally sucks.’ Shuttle pilot Dan Lipowski repeatedly ignored demands from Adler to ‘turn this thing around and head back’.  Liposwki said, ‘If it had been something really important like house keys or a photo of his kids then sure I’d have abandoned re-entry, but he’s talking about a couple of paperbacks, a T-shirt and the docking bay for his iPod. They‘re like, what, a dollar fifty?’ Adler denies it is anything so trivial, ‘That’s bullshit, I had way more stuff than that, and that docking bay was like $40, so he’s talking out his space ass.’   A spokesperson for NASA said, ‘On long and complicated missions things do occasionally get overlooked or misplaced. We have listened to Nick’s complaints but it’s like a $100million dollars every time we sent shit up there, and we just can’t dick about with launching these Orbiters just because some putz left comics and socks behind. ‘I’ve called the Russians, who are due up there in a couple of months, and they’ve promised to stick anything they find in an envelope and mail it to us. Beyond that that I’m not sure what else we can do?’\nHowever, Adler remains convinced that he has forgotten even more important stuff. He said, ‘Now that I come to think of it weren’t there six of us? Has anyone seen Steve?’Jedis disappointed with new ‘energy-saving’ lightsabers
Jedi knights have expressed anger at plans to phase out traditional lightsabers in favour of new, more environmentally-friendly models. ‘These new lightsabers are rubbish,’ complained Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi. ‘They take ages to light up and when they do you can barely see anything with them.’ The energy saving directive has been issued by so-called ‘Galactic bureaucrats’ and is seen by Jedis as particularly galling since many of their enemies on the dark side have so far refused to sign up. ‘What’s the use in having an environmentally friendly lightsaber,’ asked Kenobi, ‘when Sith Lord Darth Maul can still prance about with his energy guzzling double headed model? And don’t get me started on his carbon footprint. Have you seen his airmiles?’ ‘I refuse to switch to these new low energy sabers,’ said a typically petulant Luke Skywalker. ‘By the time they’ve reached full brightness you may have already had your hand chopped off by a man you didn’t even realise was your own father.’ However, intergalactic environmentalist George Monbiot disagrees. ‘The old lightsabers may look impressive but they are very energy inefficient. Jedis need to appreciate that The Force is a finite resource and that we need to conserve it – at least until we develop environmentally sustainable solar wind farms.’ To avoid the ban many Jedis are already stocking up on the old style sabers. ‘Sales have gone through the roof,’ said saber merchant Jabba the Hutt, ‘as have many of the Jedis when they refuse to pay my exorbitant asking price.’ The directive is the latest in a long line of new rules and regulations emanating from The Galactic Republic. ‘Only last month they ordered us to fit all our equipment with silencers,’ whined Kenobi. ‘It doesn’t make saving the universe any easier when you also have to run around humming your own lightsaber noise. And while we’re on the subject, I absolutely refuse to move over to Imperial.’ ‘Political correctness gone mad, it is,’ added Jedi Grand Master Yoda. ‘Environmentally friendly we must be, but green I am already.’New craze of ‘Working’ sweeping the internet
Stand aside ‘Planking’, move over ‘Batmanning’, there’s a new game in town. ‘Working’ is the new craze which has Facebook users flocking to upload photos of themselves engaged in the most menial, soul-destroying jobs, while wishing they’d paid more attention at school.  Unemployed 19 year old Matt Johnstone from Seattle is the man credited with kicking off the latest internet phenomenon for people with way too much time on their hands. ‘I went into Burger King because my friend Brad works in there and normally manages to slip me some free fries. While I was queuing I noticed his vacant expression, the hollow look in his eyes and the emptiness in his voice every time he asked a customer if they wanted to ‘make that a meal’, or if they’d like to ‘go large’.’ ‘It was like he died a little inside with every question, and you could almost hear him asking himself why he’d been such a dick all through school, so I snapped a photo, set up an FB group and posted it.’ Within hours the new group had thousands of members all trying to outdo each other by posting hilarious photos of themselves ‘Working’. The members and pictures range across many countries and occupations, from people staring blankly at computer screens in India to others cleaning toilets in France. The two most popular ‘Working’ pictures so far are an Australian man called Mick emptying dog shit bins in a park in Sydney, after leaving school with no qualifications, and a funny looking little UK man named Ed, who posted an amazing photo of himself allegedly ‘leading the Labour party’. Matt however is happy to just maintain the Facebook group, and has no interest in getting involved in ‘Working’ himself. ‘I’m kept more than busy enough trawling through all the pictures people send in, posting comments on them and updating my own status. I don’t really have time to go and find a job that would be required to produce my own photos. Besides, that might destroy the sense of entitlement that I’ve built up over 19 years, alongside the feeling that the world somehow owes me something.’Elon Musk Travels to Center of Earth, Makes A Few Hundred Billion Dollars, Has Lunch
Fresh off of his success in sending the first private space flight to the International Space Station, CEO of Spacex and serial entrepreneur Elon Musk announced today that he has recently returned from a journey to the center of the Earth, making him the first man in history to achieve that feat. Musk's stealth geothermal start up  - EarthX Energy - issued a press release this morning confirming that its founder and CEO has used one of the company's exploratory wells to make the journey to the Earth's inner core, to where the firm has secretly built an "energy mine" in hopes of bringing terrawatts of clean renewable energy to the surface. The manned journey was the final mission in a years long process of drilling all the way to the Earth's core. Advanced pressure robots have been excavating a shaft wide enough to place a thermal conduction cable, which will transfer the intense thermal energy of the core to the surface, where it will be used to create electricity in a standard steam turbine process. The energy to be tapped is huge. Scientists estimate that EarthX's first well alone could provide 20% of  U.S. electricity needs. And the economics are so favorable that the process is expected to bring the average cost of elecricity down by a factor of 10. "With a few dozen EarthX wells we could completely satisfy the Earth's energy requirements," says Michael Riccardo, a professor of clean energy studies at Stanford University, "in a few years we won't need oil, coal, or natural gas anymore." Seeing the writing on the wall, Exxon and RoyalDutchShell have agreed to acquire EarthX for $400 billion. In addition to its core geothermal knowledge base, the fossil fuel duo hope to market the ancillary technologies that EarthX has invented - including advanced mining equipment, heat shielding, and thermal conduction devices - which are expected to revolutionize nearly every industry on the face of the Earth. "Picture every product we use metal for," says Riccardo, "Now picture those products at 75% off. That's what just happened here today folks." Employees at the company's headwuarters in Mountian View, CA were estactic at the news of the acqusition, which will make a record 52 people billionaires. Musk himself, however, was more modest. The Daily Currant caught up with him at a Nobu near his home in Los Angeles: "This was really just a side project for me. I didn't expect it to go anywhere - but hey. It was a lot of fun, and it looks like I might make a few hundred billion dollars. So yeah - no complaints."Chimp develops class consciousness
Scientists at the University of Sheffield have taught Deryck, a 14-year-old West African Common Chimpanzee, to recognise that the history of all hitherto existing societies is in fact nothing more than the history of class struggle. ‘For months now, Deryck has displayed characteristics which suggest he is fully conscious of the continuing oppression of the proletariat,’ said Dr John Portland, a senior lecturer in Socio-biology. ‘He waxes lyrical against every action of police officers, he blames Margaret Thatcher for almost everything and insists that the labour movement remains the means by which the working class will throw off their shackles. He also only eats fairtrade bananas.’ At first scientists were concerned that the phenomenon was just a case of Deryck repeating, rather than understanding, phrases such as ‘dialectical materialism’ and ‘false consciousness’. ‘It soon became clear, though, that we’d managed to radicalise Deryck by revealing to him the suffering his ancestors experienced in the 1980s,’ explained Dr Portland. ‘After seeing how they were forced to dress in demeaning proletariat garb and move pianos up and down stairs for no greater reward than regular cups of PG Tips, he was a changed chimp.’ ‘But we finally knew Deryck had really developed strong socialist convictions when we returned from lunch one day to find he had ‘seized control of the modes of production’ – or the student union bar. The statement he’d pinned to the faculty noticeboard denounced our ‘commodity fetishism as nothing more than the opium of the people’ and heralded ‘the end of the dictatorship of the bourgeoisie’. We only managed to talk him out on the promise of improving his pay and conditions, and so a tyre on a rope was fitted in his enclosure the very next day.’ Scientists are now celebrating after persuading Deryck to shun his revolutionary tendencies and accept that there is a third way to achieve social and economic equality between peoples. ‘I’ve joined the Labour Party,’ enthused Deryck. ‘That way I can feel loyal to my fictional roots without actually lowering my standard of living like real socialism would.’ 32% rely on smartphone to cross a road
A report has revealed that almost a third of the population are now unable to walk to the shops or cross a busy road without the aid of a smartphone. When older types of mobile device are taken into account, the number rises to 47 percent. While many blame a culture which has seen console games replace outdoor play for the younger generation, it is not just kids who suffer from what has become known as Space And Time Neurological Awareness Vacuum, or SATNAV disorder. Adults as old as 49 can regularly be seen with their heads down, using their phone to cross busy roads and to negotiate their way through crowds instead of looking where they are going in the more conventional manner. Ann Blunt, a representative of the smartphone industry, said that the pressures and complexity of modern life sometimes meant that people did not have the time or ability to calculate the optimum course or speed when walking, but needed to rely on an appropriate app. ‘In fact, in most circumstances it’s much safer to use a phone,’ said Ms Blunt. ‘It can pick up the speed and direction of every vehicle and pedestrian in the vicinity, as well as rates of change, leaving the user with nothing more complex to do than watch the screen and follow instructions. The phone even seems to predict when cars will screech to a halt or other people will dive out of the way; it’s uncanny.’ Even when users go to live sporting or music events, where they can safely view other people doing active things from a stationary position, many of them still prefer to take it in through their phones, which are thought to analyse and provide comments on the action and make it simpler to take in. The only age group whose members can all navigate without looking at a hand-held screen are the over 70s, some of whom can still be seen talking into their phones, having not yet got over the novelty.Majority of Mac users ‘have second PC for porn’
Most Apple Mac users keep a cheap and nasty Windows PC ‘on the side’ for the use of internet pornography, according to a piece of research from Onan-online magazine. The magazine polled 450 men and found that 85% of Mac owners refused to sully their beloved luxury product with ‘sleazy’ material. ‘It doesn’t feel right using my Mac for you-know-what,’ said Rob Jones, a graphic designer from Stoke Newington. ‘That’s the keyboard I’m writing my novel on.’ Ricardo DeSousa, editor of Onan-Online explains: ‘Having a Mac is like having a really hot model for a girlfriend. She’s expensive and picky but she looks great sat on your table in a coffee bar. A PC maybe a bit embarrassing, but she’s cheap, good to go and she let you plug in two mice at the same time if that’s your thing.’ The survey also found that a lot of men had problems gaining an erection in-front of their Macs. ‘Therefore a lot of guys get a PC on the side, but keep them hidden away in draws or under the bed. They don’t take them out, don’t show them off to friends, they just drag them out when they’re horny. It’s sad but these PCs are normally happy for whatever they can get,’ explained DeSousa. Doug Selwyn of Shoreditch says his PC is a risk, but lets him go home and enjoy his Mac even more. ‘I love the buzz of doing it secretly on a risky Windows computer. It might crash, it might get a virus, it might share your browser history with your missus. The thrill really turns me on, but also lets me appreciate my Mac for what it is, a lovely object and more of a long-term commitment thing. I want to build a family with my Mac.’ Microsoft are planning on capitalising on this research with an overtly sexual campaign built around the seedy allure of a ramshackle PC. A special version of their operating system is being launched called ‘Confessions of a Windows cleaner’, with the slogan ‘Relax, we can just type if you want to’. Egyptian hieroglyphs ‘were early examples of Facebook status updates’
Mark Zuckerberg, CEO of Facebook, has today been served a cease and desist order issued on behalf of the Egyptian government who claim that he stole the idea of sharing photos and status updates from the hieroglyphs found on the walls of ancient pyramids. ‘What were hieroglyphs if not an early version of social networking?’ asked Egyptian prime minister, Essam Sharaf, today. ‘If a pharaoh wanted to let his friends know how he was and what he’d been up to, he’d just instant message them by carving a status update like ‘wavy line, owl, big eye, smiley face’ onto his wall, and they’d read it the instant they walked past. Facebook is exploiting our ancient culture – the Egyptian government doesn’t like this.’ Archaeologists claim that despite the popularity of hieroglyphics, many ancient Egyptians also had concerns about such modern forms of communication. ‘Some pharaohs had their whole lives laid out on their pyramid walls,’ said one. ‘The lax privacy settings meant that anyone wandering past could find out everything about them. But hieroglyphs were still used to chart key events. Who can forget where they were when Cleopatra’s relationship status changed from ‘in a relationship with Mark Anthony’ to ‘It’s complicated’?’ With Egypt hoping to win a legal challenge against Facebook, other countries have also come forward to claim an influence on the development of the website. ‘The Magna Carta is now recognised as the first-known documented set of security settings and user preferences, though the British public complained that they weren’t consulted about subsequent updates which were just adopted and implemented against their will,’ said historian David Starkey. ‘In fact the English Civil War was caused by unrest at further changes to the Facebook user interface, with the Cavaliers in favour and the Roundheads opposed.’ And France, too, has launched a claim against Zuckerberg, insisting that the Bayeux Tapestry was a beta version of Facebook’s online photo sharing facility. ‘Facebook owes everything to our tapestry. Not only does it introduce the concept of pictures being tagged, it also contains the first-recorded instance of a user (Harold1) being ‘poked’ in the eye by an acquaintance (Will_C).’De Agostini to publish ‘The Internet’ in monthly supplements
Publishing giants De Agostini have announced that they are to tackle their biggest subject area yet and produce ‘The Internet’ as a monthly magazine for people who don’t have access to computers or the World Wide Web. The first installment of the magazine comes with Edition 2 free and will be available by subscription until about issue 27 when it will cease to be produced although your direct debit will not be cancelled. Marketing executive Chris Hanson said ‘I thought about all those people in the UK who do not have access to the internet either on a computer, a phone, a games console, their television or even their fridge and I realised they would never have the thrill of a Google image search for pictures of Canadian aquatic mammals and stumbling across a picture of a naked ladies.’ Each Month a 90 page glossy magazine will take the most popular web pages on the net and reproduce them in high colour glossy print. Animated gifs will be represented by the little grainy holograms that were popular in the 1980s.  Every issue will be accompanied by a fold out poster detailing a different Google images search as ‘The Internet’ builds into a valuable collection to any household still stuck in the 20th Century. De Agostini have tried to ensure the true Internet experience by packing the magazine with an many leaflets and adverts as possible and every now and then there will be a blank page that just says ‘404 Error.’ Readers will also have the option to have hundreds of badly spelled postcards delivered to their door every day offering them cheap ‘V14Gr4′ or ‘h0t S3x W1th a Russ14n Brid3′. The magazine will also be interactive including blank pages with a Wikipedia logo at the top for readers to create their own Wiki-entry and partially complete entries where they can change things to make it look like Tom Cruise is a good actor. Readers will be able to share in the anonymous fun of the Internet by taking part in a postal forum where month by month they can mail an opinion in and when it is argued against reply on a postcard with the words ‘Lol U R N00b!!!!111! + U R Ghey!’ Issue 1 also comes with a free ring binder, Google index cards and dividers, the first three card inserts of “Teh Internet chat Speak guide – Lolz”, and a flicker book of notorious video favourite ’2 Girls 1 cup’. Priced at 99p (issues 2 onwards 3.99).  ‘But remember, the magazine for people who do not have the internet is not available in the shops’ said DeAgostini’s Chris Hanson.  ‘So you have to order it on-line.’New Facebook glasses mean you never have to see a real person again
New augmented reality glasses developed by Facebook will immediately transform anyone you see into their Facebook page, thus removing the need for any actual social contact. ‘These glasses are an important step towards my ultimate ambition,’ said Facebook creator Mark Zuckerberg, ‘the complete destruction of normal human relations.’ The new ‘avoidant reality’ glasses feature an in-built facial recognition system that automatically identifies ‘real people’ and superimposes an image of their Facebook page onto the wearer’s lens. However, when faced with someone who is not on Facebook, the glasses emit a high pitch alarm and immediately black out the lenses in order to save the user from ‘unprotected social contact’. ‘These glasses mean that people will now be able to see everything that matters about a person at a glance,’ explained Zuckberberg, ‘their likes, dislikes, friends and relationship status, plus favourite brand of cola and maize-based snack. This liberates Facebook users from the tedious task of actually talking to people, allowing them to focus on much more important activities such as updating their own status.’ Following Facebook’s recent purchase of photo sharing app Instagram, the new glasses mean that the company now has monopoly control over not just every photograph ever taken, but also every retinal image and visual memory. ‘These glasses give people the chance to share everything they see with all their friends,’ said Zuckerberg, ‘but we have also included important privacy settings so that people can restrict full access to their life to just an intimate circle of their closest companions, marketing companies and advertisers.’ Critics claim that the Facebook glasses represent a move towards a sinister new surveillance society in which everyone ends up surveilling themselves. ‘I fail to see what is so sinister about that,’ said Zuckerberg. ‘All we are trying to do is own and control reality. Is that really so bad?’ Facebook have denied suggestions that people wearing the new glasses would immediately surrender the rights to everything they ever see. ‘That is a ridiculous allegation,’ said a faceless Facebook lawyer. ‘We have owned the copyright to everyone’s life for years. If you check the user agreement, people signed away those rights at exactly the same time as they signed away their soul.’Dogs, monkeys failing to build on success of early space missions
A $38m, 50-year study by NASA and the Pentagon has concluded that the space programmes of monkeys and dogs appear to have stalled since achieving orbit in the 1940s and 50s. ‘When they beat us into space, I think we all assumed it was a matter of time before you had poodles and marmosets building kennels and tree houses on the moon,‘ said NASA chief Charles Boden. ‘But it seems neither species had the ambition or the organisational capability for the long haul. Years of careful monitoring have shown that canines turned their attention to cornering the home pet market, while monkeys have settled for drawing steady crowds at the zoo after dabbling in TV advertising.’ Although NASA is now confident neither dogs or monkeys have serious ambitions as astronauts, they admitted it wasn’t always clear cut. ‘Through close observation, we noticed that dogs spend a lot of time in kennels, many of which are shaped like rockets, but so far we have no evidence that they are any closer to being able to launch these structures or attain the velocity needed to escape the planet’s gravitational pull. And monkeys often seemed to be getting closer to leaving the earth’s atmosphere, but after a while they tended to come down from the tree-tops to grab themselves a banana or just throw shit at a mate.’ Despite dismissing the threat to the US space programme from dogs and monkeys, NASA recognises that others may still be seeking to steal a march on them. ‘Only yesterday we were alerted to a new threat by our friends the Russians and Chinese, and I give all Americans my word that we will not rest until we find out what it is cats get up to during the day.’Empire switches mobile contract to O2 amid Jedi bias allegations
Darth Vader the Dark Lord of the Sith today confirmed that the Imperial Empire have decided to switch their mobile operator from Vodafone to O2 after the company showed allegiance to the Jedi with a series of marketing campaigns and a special Jedi Tariff that includes 500 Cross Galaxy minutes. Lord Vader, previously known as Anakin Skywalker said in a statement ‘I was OK with Yoda doing the advertisements, hell I do a lot of voice over work myself but when Emperor Palpatine found out about the tariff he was pretty pissed off. He summoned me before him and demanded to know why they were getting special treatment when his data allowance is so small he goes over it every time he plays Draw Something against Obe-Wan Kenobe.’ Despite this he was willing to give them another chance ‘until I received an email from our account manager advising that they were changing the company name to Yodafone that was the last straw, I knew they had gone over to the light side.’ The Supreme commander was unable to go into specifics of the pricing of the deal with O2 but dropped a few hints about a possible limited edition Boba Fett IPhone for all the Sith Lord and free calls to Tattoine in the evening and on weekends. When asked whether it was true that he had agreed to have a number of mobile phone masts erected on the Death Star he waved his hand in front of his face and said “You do not need to know that” but later that night he tweeted ‘Emps is going into one about the big fuck off mast lol’ . This latest revelation follows rumours that the Empire is desperately short of cash. A leaked financial report revealed that their whole fleet of Star Destroyers are rented and the Imperial Stormtroopers are facing a pay freeze for the third light year running but despite this the Dark Side are adamant they would not consider forming a coalition with the rebel alliance. They dismissed the idea saying that anyone who thinks it could work belongs in an institution far far away. Online gamers become first to complete Internet on hardest setting
Two unemployed men from Woking in Surrey have become the first people to complete The Internet on the hardest setting, game designer Sir Tim Berners-Lee confirmed today. Thirty four year old Michael Roberts claims he first completed The Internet about two years ago on the ‘Easy’ setting – in which firewalls, anti-virus software and pop-up blockers provided a safety net in case the gamer makes a wrong click as they navigate through the ever-expanding virtual maze. However his use of a wandering IP address – a power-up which makes the gamer invisible to end-of-level bosses – made his claim impossible to verify. But after teaming up with fellow online player Stewart McQueen, 29, the pair attempted to repeat the feat in ‘Expert’ mode, which deactivates all their laptop’s security features. Roberts and McQueen then successfully negotiated their way through over 7 billion web pages spread across over 182 million sites, without riddling their computer with viruses or being arrested as part of Operation Ore. The quest is thought to have taken around four months of constant and frantic online activity, with the two men drawing up a rota to ensure they shared the burden and factored in time to eat and sleep. ‘Once you’ve been at it for a day and a half, fatigue is the biggest danger,’ said McQueen. ‘If you let your mind wander for a second and click the wrong thing, it can take you all the way back to the demoralising safety of your Homepage. And there are no extra lives or cheat codes to get you through this bad boy – it’s not Sonic the Hedgehog!’ When asked what pitfalls the pair had encountered, Mr Roberts admitted he had become trapped in Farmville for the best part of a day, before Mr McQueen showed him how to dodge invites. ‘And there were some very hairy moments as we worked our way through the Bulgarian porn level,’ he added. Speaking about the achievement, Berners-Lee said; ‘We built in so many traps we thought completing the game would be virtually impossible. Viruses, 404 errors, even a labyrinth of secret pathways that redirect the player to a constantly looping Rick Astley song. But fair play, these guys have got round the lot. ‘It just goes to show what amazing feats human beings are capable of,’ he added. ‘Especially when they’ve got bugger all else to do for months and months and months.’Facebook dick around with things to piss you off yet again
Continuing its relentless drive to ensure the continual discomfort of its users, the social networking site Facebook today announced a new raft of tweaks guaranteed to irritate the living crap out of everyone. Today’s change was fairly subtle – the font of the news feed was made slightly smaller – yet was still just obtrusive enough to worry and annoy many millions of users. “We’ve recently been through a period of consolidation, where most people were becoming very familiar with how to use the site and correctly maintain their security settings,” explained founder Mark Zuckerberg, “So we realised it was high time we fucked around with everything and pissed people off yet again.” “People ask why I can’t just leave things the fuck alone, but it’s not as easy as that. Basically, I’m an annoying turd who likes nothing better than to piss off his customers while squeezing every last drop of advertising revenue out of their private information. It’s just who I am.” “We find it’s the little things that really get on our users’ tits, like changing the list of who’s online to use tiny pictures rather than their names, so you can’t see at a glance who’s available any more. But we’re not neglecting the major things either – our new ‘Groups’ feature allows you to create a group called “Kiddyfiddlers United” and add it to anyone’s profile – that’ll really piss people off. Or of course you could add your friends to the “Global Jihad” group while they’re on a flight to America – by the time they realise what you’ve done, they’ll already have the CIA elbow-deep – we love that one.” “So what of the future? We reckon it’ll be a few months before people get happy with the latest version of the site, so we’re planning some big changes for the New Year. At the moment we’re torn between giving your phone number to advertisers, and making the “e” key not work – which would piss you off the most?”Apple Announces iLens, The ‘Smart Contact Lenses’
Apple just announced the launch of the iLens, a smart contact lens that works like the Google Glass but “better” according to James Milton, an Apple rep. The iLens costs $299 for 64GB and $499 for 124GB, and Apple hopes it will compliment the iWatch and iPhone. The iLens comes with a clear earpiece and is activated by a series of the user’s blinks. “Sure, you may look like you’re having a stroke when you wear an iLens, but still look less dorky than wearing Google Glass,” said the designer, Parker Johnson. “It’s applied just like a contact lens, so a licensed optometrist will have to fit users for the iLens. Eventually Genius Bar  employees will be trained in optometry. That is if you can get an appointment,” explained Milton. The iLens works just like an iPhone. You can see the time, make calls, send and receive texts, e-mails, even scroll through Instagram. “Cellphones have become a huge social faux pas. Nothing is ruder than the glow of an iPhone at a restaurant. That’s why iLens is so great. You can be playing Candy Crush or watching football and no one will ever notice. They may just think you have a tic.” explained Parker. “However, if the ticking becomes involuntary, consult a physician immediately.” A new series of apps specifically designed for the iLens will be released too. “Have you ever wanted to know what it would be like to sleep  with Kate Upton or Ryan Gosling is like? With the new iFantasy app for only $19.99 a month, iLens will change your partner’s body and face to look like any celebrity you desire, without letting your partner know. Just make sure you scream out the right name,” gushed Milton. “The best part about the iLens may be the camera. Ever wish you could've capture a photo, but didn't have time to fiddle with your phone? The iLens captures everything automatically, so you’ll never miss an Instagram, even selfies. All you have to is look into a mirror and wink,” said Milton. Once in, the iLens is always recording and automatically uploading to iCloud, where users can pick which pictures and videos they’d like to post to social media. But is the government watching? The iCloud leak caused chaos earlier this year, and those were pictures people knew they were taking. What if there was an iLens iCloud  leak? Allegedly the iLens will be beefing up security to be 98 percent effective. When asked this question, Milton responded with, “Have you listened to the podcast Serial yet? That’s a podcast. iLens also streams podcasts!” The iLens will be released May 2015 with the iLens Air model late 2015.‘Revolutionary’ new iPhone can remove stones from horses’ hooves
Apple has unveiled the latest generation of the popular iPhone mobile. The redesigned device has a range of features new to mobile technology including a tape measure, an attachment that can remove stones from the hooves of lame horses and a novel set of toe clippers.  Speaking at the global launch of the gadget, Apple boss Steve Jobs said: ‘I can say with confidence that this version of the iPhone represents the pinnacle of twenty first century technology. Our designers have been working 24/7 to accommodate the stream of originality cascading from our team of creative guys. This iconic smartphone features a number of killer applications, and I’m not just referring to the handy flick knife included in our street model.’ Mr Jobs continued to explain why the new iPhone included two cameras; one at the front and one at the back. ‘This allows you to take photos of where you’ve been, as well as where you’re going to. I must admit I was stunned when they came up with this one.’ Initial, press reaction was mixed. ‘I loved the stone remover, and the cigarette lighter but struggle to see the point of the telephone feature. That is so yesterday.’ said BBC’s technology correspondent Rory Cellan-Jones, adding, ‘and like everyone else, I can’t see why they couldn’t have pushed the boat out and included a decent corkscrew.’ Meanwhile, Steve Jobs provided a hint of things to come. ‘We’re wrestling with the holy grail of digital mobile technology. Once we’ve mastered it we will be able to provide a device that will deal with cellophane and plastic wrapping.’Apple defends new iPhone game, Angry Kurds
Apple have come out in defence of Angry Kurds; the long-awaited follow-up to Rovio Mobile’s iPhone sensation Angry Birds.  Recently appointed Apple CEO, Tim Cook, described the game as ‘…a cheerful trivialisation of well-known ethnic conflicts over the establishment of a separate Kurdish nation, only with more splats and catapults.’ Tuomo Lehtine, the game’s senior programmer, is confident the new title tackles, quite literally ‘head-on’, criticisms that the original Angry Birds was ‘vacuous’ and ‘without intellectual merit’. ‘Angry Kurds deftly weaves the dense political narrative of the Kurdish irredentist movement through 80 fun-filled and colourful levels in which players get to fire funny little fez and turban-wearing men with big eyebrows at rickety wooden constructions, symbolic of Kurdish oppression.’ This has not, however, impressed MIT professor and political activist, Noam Chomsky, who has emerged as one of the game’s staunchest detractors. ‘To shamelessly profiteer from the Kurdish people’s ongoing plight as they struggle for self-determination is yet another example of state-capitalism’s systemic tendency to instil a utilitarian philosophy of doctrinal compliance within the working classes.’ He added, ‘Adam Smith would be turning in his grave. Especially if he ever got to level 63, which is an absolute fucking nightmare.’ Regardless of the controversy, Apple’s boss has said the company has no plans to withdraw the game. ‘Look, I know some people are upset, but if we remove the game now, we’ll have a lot of angry nerds to deal with, and they’re our principal customers.’ Tuomo Lehtine, meanwhile, had some defiant closing words of his own. ‘Ok, I know the hats may not be ethnically accurate, but everyone knows there’s probably someone in that region who wears a fez or a turban or whatever and, come on, they do look pretty funny. At any rate, in Angry Birds we had pigs wearing cowboy hats and no one took offence at that… well, apart the Jewish, anti-American Mr Chomsky.’ Angry Kurds is out now on iPhone and due to be released on Android in March 2012 in time for the Arab spring. Chinese hack into Stephen Hawking
MI5 and GCHQ have discovered that the Chinese may have hacked into celebrity physicist Stephen Hawking as much as ten years ago.  There are fears that many of the respected cosmologist’s recent statements may have emanated directly from Chinese government sources. British security forces first became suspicious when Hawking’s TV lecture explained the concept of the ‘event horizon’ as light approached a black hole. ‘And this is why,’ said his trademark voice-synthesiser, ‘no one should listen to the Dalai Lama, and everyone should stop moaning about the legitimate Chinese province of Tibet.’ In other recent pronouncements the professor postulated on the infinite expansion of the universe, the origin of matter and the need for an arms boycott of Taiwan, which is not a legitimate independent country, but a puppet state of running pig-dogs of capitalist troublemakers. He added: ‘Did you know you could see the Great Wall of China from space?’ There are now very real concerns for his continued longevity after analysts discovered he may only be fixed with poor quality Chinese spare parts, as opposed to the high-grade NASA equipment currently utilised. Indeed, there is a risk that he may break down at any point, unless somebody can decipher the user manual in time. The upside is that the Chinese reckon that now they have hacked into the prototype, they will be able to produce thousands of Stephen Hawkings at a much lower cost.  One MI5 insider said, ‘It won’t just be Cambridge University that has a Stephen Hawking.  Every college and sixth form in the country will have their own wheelchair-bound physics genius, explaining the universe and being made to perform ‘Fitter, Happier’ by Radiohead.’ ‘That’s the trouble with British innovation – we have the original idea and these Tiger economies go and mass produce them.’ Google Streetview extended to upstairs bedroom windows
Privacy campaigners have hit out at the latest version of Google Streetview, which not only shows the front of any selected property, but also allows users to zoom into a close up on any part of the building to peer through into bedrooms or bathrooms. Google’s mobile photography units have been busy recording millions of images over the past two years, and the new upgraded version of Google Streetview went on-line this morning.  The images were taken by Google’s mobile photography units, generally on a Saturday night after closing time, although in more sedate neighbourhoods, Sunday mornings were also found to be quite revealing. ‘This is a massive personal intrusion’ said Matthew Hunt of the National Campaign for Personal Privacy. ‘Just with a couple of clicks of my computer I was able to zoom into the home of that young couple who live a few doors down from me and then I was able to go right up to their bedroom and look right in.  The couple had been captured in the middle of undressing and then as I scanned across to the bathroom I was able to see her in the shower, her erect nipples glistening through the soap suds.  Frankly, I was shocked.’ Google have defended their new facility, saying that the view is no greater than a passer-by could obtain if he glanced across at a house in any given street, noticed a ladder down the side and then propped it up against the front to secretly watch the householders inside.   Mr Hunt however has backed down from a threat to take Google to the European Court of Human Rights and has asked that they show different pictures of his own bedroom, adding that he was simply putting on that wet suit to try it on before he went on holiday and that the baby oil on his wife’s best friend was to treat her dry skin.Vatican defies critics over new ‘simplified’ privacy policy
The Roman Catholic Church has been defending its new privacy policy, following concerns that the latest changes may allow the Church to sell confessional data onto third party organisations. The policy changes, implemented on Wednesday, allow the church to ‘collate information about users from a number of disparate platforms, with the aim of providing a more unified customer experience.’ It will mean that priests can utilise information from confessional for ‘better targeted sermons.’ Critics, however, believe that the church plans to sell the data onto organisations such as private detective agencies and Harley Street surgeries. They have also pointed out that advance warning of the changes occured halfway through a particularly gruelling 8000 page Encyclical ‘Providentissimus Proboscis Deus De Facto’, which roughly translates as ‘Nosey God of all Providence says ‘Wassup? Chill!”. This is not the first time the Holy Roman Church has faced opprobrium for such behaviour. The Archbishop of Warsaw was recently forced to resign, following revelations that he had used material from confessionals to author the best selling ‘Improper Suggestions’ series of erotic fiction. Stanislaw Wasilevski, now defrocked, is still being pursued in the courts by angry parishioners over unpaid royalties. A spokesman for the Vatican said that the changes ‘greatly simplified’ the previously labyrinthine privacy policies, adding that churchgoers could ‘control and manage’ their histories, either by opting out of confession or by lying to the priest.Google moves into analogue market with launch of Google ‘Pen’
Internet giant Google has begun a foray into the parts of the world as yet unavailable to them with the launch of a pen which records your handwriting and sends the information you provide back to the Googleplex in California. The pen uses motion sensors and sophisticated algorithms to capture the user’s movements when writing, translates them into readable digital data and posts them back to Google’s servers via the nearest available Wi-Fi port. It’s viability has only become possible after Google realised it had accidentally and inadvertantly recorded every available wireless connection in the world as the Street View cars went around taking pictures of your house. The pens will be sent out in their millions to every known postcode and will be branded with the Google logo which, through clever electronic trickery, will change every few days into a new Google doodle to keep scribblers and doodlers interested in using them. ‘The analogue field is not something which we’ve been able to reach but now that we are able to access handwritten thoughts we can truly tailor your real-world experience to provide suitable advertisments which reflect your needs as a consumer. We’ve hooked up with all the major retailers so, say you’re writing a shopping list on a piece of paper, the Google pen will record your requests and a new system of billboards and mind control in the analogue physical environment of your supermarket will point you in the direction of the best purchase of the day, which we think is terrific for all sorts of reasons,’ grinned Google chief executives Sergei Brin and Larry Page. On the Google plus side, the pen is claimed to provide a faster scribbling experience than any other mode of paper-based, dextrous, anologue notation. ‘It’s the best, fastest, smoothest pen on the market,’ the company claims, and also, they say, seemlessly ties your thoughts in with your social network which makes putting everything you do on line sooo much easier. But, Google admits, the pen will need to update itself in the background from time to time and handwriting may be slower during those periods as a result. The pen will be introduced in time for users to sign up for the new Google privacy policy on March 1st. ‘We’ve learnt a lot from phone hacking and now will only allow you to use Google systems if we have your complete consent to read your emails, identify your physical location and monitor connections with people who are dearest to you, and use that information for whatever purpose we want,’ said Mr Page. ‘It’s a matter of choice, but it’s a pretty simple choice. If you don’t agree to it, we won’t let you use the internet,’ said Mr Brin. ‘Which we think is totally fair and in line with our corporate poilicy of ‘Don’t be Evil!’, and if you’re still unhappy you could always try and block google.com through the settings in your internet browser and see how far you get with that,’ he continued, before apparently being completely unable to stop himself adding ‘Mwahhahhaaaahaaa’. Unscrupulous website accused of search engine manipulation (Bieber Gaga Free Games Twilight)
Users of the internet, a demographic which includes teenage Asian lesbians, shoppers looking for cheap electrical goods and followers of eat-what-you-want wonder diets, have accused an unnamed online news outlet, described by its editor as the funniest website ever, of stuffing its articles with hot sexy phrases and references to the iPhone 5 so as to manipulate its rankings on the most popular web searches. ‘These allegations are nonsense,’ said the editor of the website, ‘just like most of the saucy gossip and unbelieveable celebrity secrets you read about. Our website is great for kids, families, parents, babies, pets, teachers, managers, countries and businesses and would never construct articles around the use of the hottest, sexiest language so as to make the website turn up in lists of most popular web searches or get mentioned on Twitter, Reddit, Facebook, Tumblr, CNN, Google, YouTube, Wikipedia, the BBC or Al-Jazeera.’ The editor, who looks a bit like Brad Pitt, Tom Cruise and Beyonce and puts his ripped six-pack down to the Easy 10-Step Abdominal Workout popularised by men’s magazines offering nudity, fashion and comedy, said that the accusations were worse than those levelled against Rupert Murdoch, Barack Obama, the royal family and The Simpsons. ‘I’m a big fan of Apple products, the X-Factor, Glee and cheap Viagra, and simply love FIFA, Harry Potter and dating sexy singles in your area, so these slurs really hurt.’ ‘Far from being concerned with topping lists of most popular web searches,’ he continued, ‘my website operates with integrity and a simple noble aim to compile the hottest, sexiest, fastest, biggest, most popular, cheapest, highest quality news stories in one convenient place with a focus on celebrity gossip, how to attract women, SAT study tips, movie release dates, free music downloads, bus timetables, nude photos, the best Playstation 3 and Xbox games, and lingerie. It’s that simple.’ ‘We make no claim to understand cloud computing and viral mobile marketing, to INCREASE YOUR MANHOOD TO MASSIVE SIZE or to be the hottest, sexiest, most popular web search,’ he added. ‘That would just be wrong. Apple.’ Binatone’s version of Large Hadron Collider set to go on sale
For most people Christmas is a recent memory, but for manufacturers and traders the build-up to the next year’s lucrative festive season is already well underway with a series of International Toy Fairs allowing the leading companies to announce and exhibit their latest wares. At the 108th annual Toy Fair at New York’s Jacob Javits Center, Binatone, the well-known producers of cut-price versions of popular electronic gadgets have caused what has been described by commentators as a ‘retailing big bang’, with the announcement that their version of the Large Hadron Collider is on course to be in the shops this autumn. Speaking at the launch of their ‘Mini Hadron Collider’, Chief Executive Dina Lalvani said that the retail price of £99.99 represented ‘a massive saving on the billions of dollars spent by scientists on developing the full-scale version at CERN’s base at Geneva.’ A deluxe version will be available at £129.99 which includes an off-white scientist’s coat and a mad hair wig. Each pack is bundled with the necessary 2 AAA batteries and at least one life size Higgs Bosun, possibly several. Additional ones will be available at £4.99 each, or £9.99 for a pack of three. Mr Lalvani stressed that the MHC was a working replica of the original, but that it has been scaled down for the user’s convenience, so it does not require the full 17 miles of tunnel used by the LHC. ‘Ideally the particles can be accelerated in a simple system of tunnels that can be dug in a garden in a few hours, but we are confident that flat dwellers will be able to run the particles through the flat’s plumbing system, provided that plugs are put into sinks and toilet seats lids are kept closed.’ ‘We at Binatone have created a smashing scientific toy,’ concluded Mr Lalvani. ‘and I predict that next Christmas every child will be wanting to be a boffin looking for the elusive God particle. OK, it hasn’t found the Higgs Boson in our trials yet, but neither has the full-scale version.’Scientists discover snowflake identical to one which fell in 1963
Scientists were today able to dispel the age-old belief that no two snowflakes are the same, using state of the art microscopy and by catching flakes as they fell in specially designed equipment while sitting at a table outside a pub in Norwich. The team of researchers, backed by a £20m grant, were able to make an identical match to the famous Bentley flake, photographed 47 years ago by amateur snowflakeologist Wilson Bentley. ‘It’s one of the last remaining challenges known to science and we’ve cracked it at last,’ said lead researcher, Professor Kenneth Libbrecht. ‘The team will soon disband to pursue other major scientific challenges, such as the unresolved toast-butter conundrum, and whether or not my baldness makes me a better lover.’ The scientists then ordered another round and considered the futility of existence, an activity for which they also receive a grant worth twice the GDP of Tonga. Computer-generated Richard Littlejohn avatar catches millions of online morons
In a so-called ‘sting’ operation, the ‘journalist’ Richard Littlejohn has been exposed as a computer-generated hoax designed to incite morons into hurling online abuse. The lifelike 3D avatar was set up by a website called the Daily Mail – a honey-trap designed to snare unsuspecting fuckwits into leaving hate-filled drivel on their comments page. The Littlejohn entity – a fairly unsophisticated algorithm running on Windows 95 – then generated a series of hate-pieces purporting to be actual news stories. Users who interacted with the Littlejohn avatar were led to believe he was a bona-fide journalist operating in the UK, despite the programme being hosted thousands of miles away in the US. Computer expert Simon Williams, who created Littlejohn, said: “We got the idea from watching Max Headroom. Littlejohn is a kind of joke-free version of Max.” “We’re genuinely surprised the rouse went undetected for so long , we honestly believed the bug which made him keep repeating ‘you couldn’t make it up’ would give us away.” Since its inception, more than 100 Britons have been caught trying to pay the computer-generated buffoon-c*nt to performing acts of hate online. User #Dave1973 left the comment: “Loved the piece yesterday about muslims not wearing poppies. When are you going to write something about Bulgarian trannies eating swans?” User #FarageFan49 simply wrote: “Show us your tits.” The IT genius has since come up with a number of different computer-generated characters designed to appeal to different prejudices, including Jan Moir and ‘feisty’ Melanie Phillips. Williams added, “One of them is a drink-dependent middle-aged woman who hates gays. The other one hates just about everything.” I think, therefore I am (not a Daily Mail reader) – Get the T-ShirtYahoo Buys xHamster For $400 Million
Yahoo purchased adult video site xHamster for $400 million today in an effort to extend its brand into youth culture. The combined cash and stock deal comes just days after it spent $1.1 billion to acquire Tumblr, a social blogging service which is also used mostly for pornography. In a statement released to the press, Yahoo CEO Marissa Meyer explained that while the move may be controversial, it offers the best hope of reversing the declining company's fate. "Yahoo is behind its competitors in appealing to young users and in online video," the statement reads. "Today's purchase of xHamster allows us to simultaneously address both of these problems by acquiring one of the most popular video sites on the internet amongst young people aged 18-35. "The combined power of Tumblr and xHamster will finally make Yahoo a leader in one key niche of the Internet: the online adult entertainment industry. We've failed in email, social networking, search, display advertising, web hosting, podcasting, job listings, photo sharing and ecommerce. This is our last chance." Founded in 1995, Yahoo was one of the first internet companies and pioneered the once-dominant web portal business. It has struggled, however, to adapt its business to the disruptions presented by companies like Google and Facebook. Revenues have been declining or stagnant for years, the company's stock price is only at one-third of its all time high, and it now ranks only 494 on the list of Fortune 500 companies. Longtime Google executive Meyer was brought in to help fix the ailing company, and has so far succeeded in improving investor sentiment. But observers are skeptical that her recent move towards the more risqué corner of the internet will succeed. "I was already skeptical major advertisers were going to put ads on Tumblr blogs like "Bendmeover," says Jack Horner, a technology equities analyst for Citigroup. "But I'm sure they aren't going to want to have their brand next to videos called 'Monster Big Naturals' or 'Double Teamed and Facialized.' "This is a disaster for Yahoo's display advertising business. But since that wasn't going too well anyway, maybe a switch to adult could boost margins." xHamster is one of the most visited sites on the Internet, ranking 44th in the world according to Alexa, a web traffic data provider.25 years of technology improvement still failing to make morons ‘productive’
Technology enhancements over the last 25 years have made massive strides in improving human productivity, except amongst the moron population. New research carried out by Markel has quantified the exact improvements in speed, processing power and storage in technology over the last 25 years, highlighting the inability of idiots everywhere to capitalise. Lead researcher Dr Michael Matthews told us, “The iPhone 6 is 65 times more powerful than the average computer in 1990, yet the average moron is still only twice as productive as they were back then.” “If you look at that purely as a mathematical equation, it means that your average moron is 32 times more stupid than one you might have encountered back in 1990.” “That’s a shocking statistic, unless like me, you’re surrounded by morons whose ability to simply survive the day appears to be nothing short of miraculous.” 25 years ago the average hard drive was just 16MB – barely enough for the average moron to video themselves doing something life-threatening, compared to an incredible one terabyte on most home computers today. Matthews went on, “That is literally days worth of video the average borderline simpleton can keep on his computer of him doing stupid things that he believes make him look clever.” “The world is now choc-full of data and files created by morons, YouTube alone gets 3 days worth uploaded every minute, but thankfully technology has advanced quicker than these idiots can create content.” “There’ll always be enough for the rest of us to use.” 25 years of tech improvements 25 years of tech improvements Morons have welcomed the technology enhancements brought during the last 25 years, claiming it makes everything ‘brilliant’. Confirmed moron Simon Williams told us, “Technology, yeah, it is brilliant, isn’t it?” “I mean can you imagine how slow Candy Crush saga would be on a 1990 computer – it would be unplayable.” “How many Candy Crush lives do you think we’ll get in another 25 years, in the year 2050.” “I bet it will be like a hundred.”I’d take driverless car over lift from my girlfriend, insists man
Car owner Simon Williams said he would rather get a lift to the pub from a vehicle which appears ‘bewitched’ than be driven again by his girlfriend in her Vauxhall Nova. Testing of driverless cars will be given the go-ahead in the spring, allowing the prospect of comparisons to the people who normally drive you. The driverless cars use video cameras, radar sensors and a laser range finder to “see” other traffic, but do not insist on telling you what Sharon said about that new bloke she’s been seeing from down the road. Simon Williams, 27, said he’d be perfectly happy to get a lift from a driverless car, as long as it didn’t insist on giving him a list of reasons why he’s not as good as the car’s friend’s new boyfriend. He told us, “I know it sounds a bit risky, but I’d honestly rather be driven through speeding traffic by something that was probably built on Windows XP, than have to listen to a sales pitch about a weekend at the mother in law’s.” “I also imagine it’s much easier to relax in a car without a driver, than it is to relax alongside one who is so entirely oblivious of everything around them.” As well as being entirely nag-free, the driverless car has already shown itself to be 75% better at parking than its female human counterpart. Williams continued, “Well, that’s not too difficult to be honest.” “You could point the car down my street and then turn it off before letting it come to rest wherever it wanted, and it would still be better parked than my missus’ Nova.” “It might not be able to ‘see’ the lines, but as least it doesn’t appear to be deliberately ignoring them.”Apple Watch to finally make eye-contact obsolete
Apple’s new smart Watch will make the process of looking up at the world around you completely obsolete, according to Apple CEO Tim Cook. The new Apple Watch was announced at a highly anticipated product launch yesterday, and already Apple fans are speculating that the awkwardness of engaging with their fellow-man could be a thing of the past. With new features such as shiny images, tappy buttons and things moving on-screen, the Apple Watch is set to revolutionise those precious few moments when you don’t actually have a phone in your hand. Tim Cook explained, “Here at Apple we wait until there is a problem, and then we fix it like no-one else can. And we have finally addressed the issue of what to do when you can’t be bothered to take your phone out of your pocket.” “Do you look up at the world around you, smile at the person opposite, start an actual conversation? Hell no – now you can just lift your wrist ever so slightly and delve back into the virtual world in which you’re most comfortable.” “You can thank us later.” Fans of Apple have reacted with delight at the announcement, and are expected to begin queueing the moment someone puts out a sign saying ‘Apple Watch here in about 6 months’. Apple user Simon Williams explained, “I’m sure there’s going to be an adjustment period where I’m going to want to show everyone how my Apple Watch works, but after that there’ll be little reason to ever look at anyone in public ever again.” “I can’t wait!”Palestinians bombarded with unsolicited accident compensation texts
Thousands of Palestinians are having the misery of living under perpetual subjugation further compounded by incessant texts offering compensation for any accident they had or exploded home they’re under. The texts, whilst initially appearing to offer a no-win no-fee ray of hope for many inside the besieged territory, simply direct respondents to various American and Israeli premium-rate lines. “It’s just a scam!” says Rashid Nasser, whose home was destroyed for being within 60 yards of a sandwich shop occasionally frequented by men that an Israeli spy-plane suspected might know a Palestinian journalist. “I’m never calling those things again. I was hoping for some help but I just got redirected to a grainy recorded message of some men laughing.” “It was the second text I’d received in as many minutes. The first one said ‘You and your family are entitled to be murdered for that region you live in’.” “I replied with ‘STOP’ but I can only assume they didn’t get it as moments later my house was destroyed.” “Now, that one text and phone call have bankrupted me. And I’ve been told that the Israelis will be coming to repossess my rubble tomorrow.” Despite being a blatant contravention of international law, President of the Palestinian Authority, Mahmoud Abbas, has said they are powerless to do anything about the texts. “Put it this way, we don’t generally have much luck in the courts. Besides, we’ve been inundated with these too.” “I’ve had seven texts in the last few days telling me I could claim for being mis-sold Palestinian Persecution Insurance; or the Universal Declaration of Human Rights as I think it’s more widely known.” “Alas,” he continued, “that too just redirects me to an expensive foreign number for another organization that’s of no use whatsoever… called The UN, or something.”China applauds politely as Zuckerberg slowly explains he’d like to ‘sex dump grandma’
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has received polite applause from a Chinese university audience, despite accidentally telling them in Mandarin that he would like to do rude things to their grandmothers. The Facebook boss was talking to students at the Tsinghua University School of Economics and Management, and was keen to show how much Mandarin Chinese he had learnt since his pledge to learn the language in 2010. As one Chinese audience member explained, “Mandarin is not easy, and mistakes from Westerners are common – but how he referred to his time in Beijing as an ‘endless miserable sweaty bum chain’ I’ll never know.” “And I don’t even know what ‘sex dump grandma’ actually means, but I hope he plans to buy her dinner first.” “There were a few other funny ones, like how the way he tried to describe China ‘a land of culture and history’, and instead his accent made it sound like he called China ‘an absolute f*cking goldmine’ – that was hilarious.” Another student in the audience said the despite his errors, they were all pleased to see him make the effort to court China. They told us, “At one point he was asked about plans for Facebook in China, and he said ‘You are all sheep to me, sheep with dollar signs on their back that I have every intention of chasing like a dog’.” “I’ve no idea what he was actually trying to say, probably some strange Western idiom, but it was clearly a hilarious mis-translation.” “These things can happen, and we appreciate the effort – he is a funny man!”The main issue is that people are basically shits, admits Twitter
The major downside of a society that promotes free speech is that most people are essentially despicable shits, according to social network Twitter. With a large rise in the number of abusive messages sent via the micro-messaging platform, many have asked Twitter to step in and take steps to prevent it. Twitter Chief Executive Dick Costolo told reporters, “Before we start looking at the technology, how about we do something as a society about people being reprehensible bastards, all of the bloody time?” “No technology on the planet is capable of stopping someone being a complete dick.” “And unfortunately there’s an awful lot of them out there. The chances are you know at least one complete prick online, and if you don’t, then it’s probably you.” “Simply put, if we let complete arseholes buy computers and smart phones then they are going to find their way onto the Internet, unfortunately.” Technologists have suggested that steps could be taken to prevent online abuse by sticking a penis to the profile picture of anyone found to have abused another user online. Tech Analyst Simon Williams told us, “It might be the staple of every primary school playground, but no-one likes a picture of a penis stuck to them. Particularly not on the Internet where everyone can see it.” “Maybe Twitter could have a specialist Photoshop team dedicated to turning online abusers into penises? You know, as a deterrent?” “Yes it’s very juvenile, but since we’re dealing with morons we might just have to sink to their level.”People who believe Giraffe Facebook pics are an Anonymous scam urged to leave Internet
The sort of people who believe that changing your Facebook profile photo to a Giraffe will make you a target for the Anonymous hacking group have been urged to burn their computers. As a riddle designed to make your friends look stupid by changing their profile photo to Giraffe went viral, the lowest 10% of IQs on the social network began circulating a post suggesting Anonymous would use it to steal all your money. As one stupid Facebook user explained, “Yes, Anonymous are well-known for stealing money from stupid Facebook users, a demographic which I am clearly at the centre of.” “I have posted the warning to all my Facebook friends, as I was not looking sufficiently stupid after failing to solve a riddle that was designed for 10 year olds.” “No, Anonymous haven’t stolen any of my money yet – but the person who posted this has a friend that it definitely happened to. I am one of the lucky ones – definitely.” Security experts have let out a long sigh when asked if the threat was real, before explaining the background to the posts. IT consultant Simon Williams told us, “To be clear, the only way changing your profile picture on Facebook could give someone access to your bank account would be if that picture was you holding up a card which said, ‘this is how to access my bank account’ alongside all of your bank details.” “To be clear, the Giraffe profile picture serves just one purpose, and one purpose only.” “To illustrate your susceptibility to viral marketing and that you think you’re smarter than you really are.” “Oh, and it’s your eyes, not the door. Idiots.”Google driverless cars to prompt you to be angry with other road users
Google’s new driverless car will include digital instructions on when passengers should abuse fellow road users. The car was unveiled at a conference in California, and Google executives explained it will allow road users to become more imaginative with their insults to one another. As Google co-founder Sergey Brin explained, “We recognise that the driving experience isn’t just about getting from A to B, it’s about that interaction with other drivers.” “As such, the Google car will still allow you to wave acknowledgement to the guy who lets you out at the intersection, whilst also giving the bird to the one who doesn’t know how to use lanes on a freeway.” “And you are no longer just limited to one-handed gestures. Imagine the creativity when you can use your entire body?” “Those of you who can legally carry a gun and like to wave it around threateningly will find it much easier to aim now you don’t have to worry about steering at the same time.” The car is expected to reach UK shores in the next couple of years, with European Google executives excited about what that might bring to the experience. As one explained, “The Brits are already well-known for their heavy sarcasm when it comes to other drivers. How many have ‘applauded’ terrible driving around them?” “But the freedom of a car with no controls could see some amazing advancements in angry piss-taking.” “From the simple bare-arsed mooney, to standing through the sunroof to offer another a driver a lengthy and enthusiastic ‘bravo’ – the possibilities are endless.” Driver Simon Williams told us, “I like the idea of having a chauffeur, whether it’s a computer or not.” “But then again, this is Google, so I imagine it will probably try to take me the long way home and slow down in front of every roadside advertising hoarding.”Grown man desperately asking people he hasn’t seen in twenty years for Candy Crush lives
A grown man with a mortgage and three children admitted this morning that he has been forced to request Candy Crush lives from a guy he used to sit next to at school in the mid-90s. The man, who wishes to remain nameless, said he’d become hooked on the ridiculous Facebook-driven game during a long wait at an airport two months ago. He told us, “It started like all these things do, with a harmless bit of fun, but before I knew it I was hooked.” “I had friends on levels I could only dream of and I was taking toilet breaks at work just to get my candy crush fix.” “It consumes my day, and when I make a mistake I find myself lashing out at those nearest to me.” “It’s got to the point where I’m asking for help from people on Facebook I befriended years ago without thinking. “This one kid from school, who’s now an accountant in Birmingham, I sent him a note saying ‘I know we haven’t spoken since we did our GCSEs, but this is really important to me, can you give me a life? Or sign up via the invite I sent you? It would really help me out of a hole.’ I feel dirty.” “When it gets to the point where I’m offering hand-jobs behind the pub for a couple of lives then I’ll worry, but I’m at least two weeks away from that.” His colleagues have insisted they have little sympathy for a grown adult addicted to a game that was quite literally designed for children. As one colleague explained, “Give him a life? He should think about getting one, first.”Children to advise parents on how to unblock porn filters
After Ministers made further calls for web firms to impose parental filters as a default setting, dads everywhere have begun enlisting the help of their tech savvy children to show them how to unblock online filth. With most men unsure of the purpose of computers if you take porn away, fathers have expressed concerns that a failure to navigate filters will leave them with nothing but some expensive plastic with letters on. “What else do these computers do?” asked worried father of three John Hutchins. “To be honest, I didn’t even know it was called a computer. “I bought it off a mate who sold it to me as an electric sex shed.” Experts have also warned the introduction of web filters is leading to a complete change in the relationship between fathers and sons when compared to 30 years ago. Filth historian and renowned lesbologist Dr Friedrich Numan, said, “Back in the 80s these men would have been reliant on their fathers leaving fanny mags on the top of a wardrobe or in the shed. “Now we may find that they have to rely on their teenage sons to gain access to such material.” “This generation of fathers are in danger of becoming a lost generation of filth enthusiasts.” Luke Kingsley from Hull was amongst thousands of men concerned that they may have to return to the days of buying a jazz mag that they’ve slipped inside a copy of Motorcyclist News. “I don’t even own a motorbike,” he told us. “I’ll be reduced to keeping a close eye on the contents of hedgerows in the hope of finding an abandoned porn mag. I actually felt a flutter of excitement the other day when I spotted a discarded magazine in a motorway lay by. “The government really is dragging us back to the eighties.”Microsoft Introducing 14 Versions of Skype
In a move to monetize its $8.5 billion dollar purchase of Skype, Microsoft executives have confirmed to The Daily Currant that it will be the splitting the popular video-chat software into 14 separate versions. As it seeks to expand beyond its core Windows segment, the Redmond, WA based software behemoth will apply its tried-and-true strategy of releasing crippled versions of its products and forcing users to pay for an upgrade. In an exclusive interview Microsoft CEO and management savant Steve Ballmer explained his firm's new strategy, which will also include transitioning from a freemium model to one where even features such as Skype-to-Skype chat will require a paid subscription: "This is a business, not a charity. We didn't buy Skype so that we could live-stream Burning Man and sing Kumbaya to each other on video chat. We bought Skype to make dollars. And this is the best way to do it." The new Skype versions will range from a basic series of products with command-line interfaces, to the advanced GUI models with the color video chat we know today. A leaked product breakdown reveals the expected lineup: -- Skype Basic - Skype Ultra Basic - Skype Premium Basic Chic command line MS-DOS inspired interfaces with text-chat capabilities only. Free.   Skype Home - Skype Home Entertainment - Skype Home Office A GUI and video-chat capabilities. No audio. Free.   Skype Home Business - Skype Small Business - Skype Self-Employed A GUI and audio calling capabilities. Self-employed version can launch from Excel. $20 to download plus $5 a month.   Skype Enterprise Basic - Skype Enterprise Premium Audio calling, text chat, and black-and-white video chat. $50 plus $10 a month.   Skype Ultra Basic - Skype Ultra Premium Audio, video, and text chatting plus extra features such as color video, audio/video syncing, and volume control. $100 plus $20 a month.   Skype Premium Premium The current version of Skype, which will now cost $150, plus $30 a month plus usage charges for SkypeOut. -- Although some tech commentators are outraged at the steep pricing structure, Ballmer explains that it's inspired by the world's most valuable company: "You don't see Apple giving away products for free do you? No. Apple charges full price for its stuff. We see this as the Steve Jobs approach to Skype." The new versions are set to be released in January 2014.  Prisons to be full of Twitter morons by Christmas
News that Internet trolls could face two-year custodial sentences has led to warnings that the nation’s prisons could be full of Twitter morons by Christmas. Justice Secretary Chris Grayling has spoken of his desire to crackdown on crime, and explained that putting people who act like morons on Twitter in prison for longer is definitely the best way to do that. Grayling told reporters, “Society is at threat thanks to these social media criminals, and I will stop at nothing until our prison system is creaking at the seams due to the thousands of people who post ill-advised things on Twitter.” “Plus, you know, it’s much easier to arrest a Twitter troll, than say, an armed robber or a rapist. So each arrest is a lot cheaper.” Those in prison already have questioned the move to put a greater number of Twitter trolls in prison, and for longer. Violent mugger Simon Williams told us, “They’ve just put a guy in my cell who is doing time for tweeting obscenities about his broadband provider, and the person in their call centre who kept fobbing him off. He’s proper hardcore.” “He’s got the sharpest turn of phrase I’ve ever seen.” “In here, being mean on Twitter is the new ‘beating someone up in the canteen’. These guys can leave you feeling worthless with just a few taps of their keyboard.” “You don’t mess with the trolls man, every fool in here knows that.”Facebook to create new ‘workplace network’ for twats
Facebook is to introduce a new workplace network for people who are ‘in business’. “We’re largely expecting to attract twats,” explained a Facebook spokesperson. “It’s a social network specially designed for people who still think blackberries are brilliant and who overuse the word ‘paradigm’.” People ‘in business’ seemed in favour of the idea. “I’m sick of looking at funny videos and pictures of babies,” said businessman Simon Williams. “I want a Facebook that I can do serious business shit on. I made a pie-chart yesterday that was so brilliant it gave me an erection, and I want to share that with people.” “The pie-chart, not the erection.” Facebook plan to create a repository of nineties clip-art and Far-side cartoons for people to use in presentations, and the new network would also automatically reject any uploaded photos showing its users smiling to avoid mistakenly giving the impression they’re not serious about ‘business’. “I’m a high-functioning sociopath,” said businesswoman, Alex Taylor of Sussex. “So this is exactly the sort of social network I need to show off my complicated spreadsheets that proved we need to sack the cleaners.” However, people not ‘in business’ were less excited. “Haven’t these twats already got LinkedIn?” said Mark Hammond of Reading. “I mean, that’s already full of idiots talking about Mission statements and ‘growing their business,’ this is just something else I need to avoid.”Twitter raises North Korea alert level to ‘OMG!!!!’
Twitter has raised its alert level to ‘OMG!!!!’ amid indications that North Korea is preparing for a missile test. The alert level had previously stood at ‘WTF!!’ but was raised to ‘OMG!!!’ After US and South Korean sources said that at least one ballistic missile with an estimated 3,000km range is fuelled and ready for launch. The ‘OMG!!!!’ alert level has previously only been applied on the site by Justin Bieber fans who noticed a slight variation on his hairstyle. A Twitter spokesperson reassured users of the site that the additional two characters required when discussing North Korea won’t impact upon their need to share what they had for lunch. “We appreciate that 140 characters can be quite restrictive, but shortening ‘sandwich’ to ‘sarnie’ or ‘baguette’ to ‘F-stick’ should help.” Other social networking sites have also moved to increase their alert levels, with Facebook raising its status to ‘OMFG!!’ and moderators of online forums introducing a new range of emoticons to reflect heightened concerns. Amongst those on Twitter to implement the new alert level was @arman__357, who tweeted: “OMG!!!! NORTH KOREA BETTA NOT NUKE BEFORE LUNCHTIME!!! I WANNA GET ME A SUBWAY!!” @Trilla90 also expressed similar concerns by simply tweeting: “OMG!!!! North Korea!!!!!!!!” UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has urged social networks to refrain from adding any further exclamation marks to their alert levels amid concerns that they’re causing unnecessary panic. “There is never any need for more than one exclamation mark,” he said. “If you must use more than one exclamation mark then I would urged you to follow it up with a ‘LOL’ to avoid increasing tensions any further.”4G set to increase speed at which you completely waste your life
The unveiling of the first 4G network in the UK is set to herald unprecedented speeds at which you can undertake activities that are a complete waste of time. According to network provider Everything Everywhere, you will be able to watch videos of cats and Korean popstars in high-definition right in the palm of your hand, without waiting for anything to load. A spokesperson explained, “Think of all the crap you look at on your phone, and think of how much more you could consume without any loading time? This new network means you’ll be able to move onto the next thoroughly pointless video even faster than before.” “On 3G you might spend as much as four hours wasting your morning’s productivity – with 4G we can let you waste an entire day before lunch.” Early users of the 4G network have marvelled at their ability to do pointless things much faster than ever before. Simon Williams explained, “Look at this – I’m flicking through funny photos on Reddit faster than I do on my laptop. Now I’ll definitely be the first the repost the best stuff to Facebook and make it seem like I’m funny.” The spokesperson for Everything Everywhere concluded, “No, this isn’t what we had in mind when we conceived 4G, but if people are willing to spend £50 a month in order to play Farmville with less of a time lag, then we’re all for it.”Cyber crime suddenly ‘very serious’ after banking institutions become victims
With cyber criminals turning their attention away from members of the public to banking institutions, the situation has officially become ‘serious’ according to reports. Up to 100 banks and financial institutions worldwide have been attacked in an “unprecedented cyber robbery” which is now far more important than when someone used your credit card online that time. IT Security expert Simon Williams told us, “There is a big difference between a little old lady downloading a virus which logs all her keystrokes, allowing someone to access her bank account and nick her pension – and some executive at a bank losing a bonus because of a cyber crime.” “A massive planetary sized difference. I’m trying to think of a nice way of saying it, but basically no-one gives a shit if cyber-criminals are nicking a few quid from the poor people.” “But this is a million quid. From rich people. Which will affect bonuses and quarterly earning projections.” “This shit just got real, trust me.” The cyber criminals themselves have spoken online about the change in focus in their victim selection. Cyber criminal Kasper James wrote, “No-one really minded us fleecing the public for a few quid here and there, because basically it’s what every bank and business is already trying to do.” “But you ‘don’t eat your own’, apparently. That’s what the banks said when we took their money.” “They said that apparently there is no honour amongst thieves.” “I do feel like we might have poked the bear this time though – one bank actually said ‘don’t you know who we are’ – like it was supposed to frighten us.” “It worked.”Cameron trialling app to aid government U-turns
A mobile app designed to aid in reversing decisions made by government is being trialled by Prime Minister, David Cameron. The app, which has the working title of ‘U-Turn If U Want To’, was developed by the Cabinet Office’s digital team – and pulls in data posted to Facebook and Twitter by people who think he’s a knob. A source said that the app would be “rolled out across Whitehall” and would give ministers a more immediate and honest view over what is happening in the country. It will be available as an icon on Mr Cameron’s iPad, situated next to the one for Angry Birds and slightly to the left of the folder marked “Uninteresting Financial Stuff”. However, the app ran into controversy 24 hours after the PM announced a suspension of the badger cull, when it told Cameron to ‘kill all badgers cos they give cows TB – LOL!’. The app went on to inform the PM that he was a ‘posh twat’ and that he ‘should do it with his bare hands’. The app was also heavily critical of the government’s policy U-turn on buzzards, describing the majestic birds of prey as “shithouses” and likening them to gay eagles, but probably stronger than kestrels. Those close to Cameron claim he has become too reliant on the software and warned anyone hovering on a thermal near the M56 to take great care. Indeed, after spending two hours on the app last night, Cameron announced that he may introduce a pasty tax after all, claiming they were ‘far too cheap’ and ‘have you seen the size of that Eric Pickles? – lol’. “Yeah, pasties – we were wrong on that. And fuck this austerity lark for a game of soldiers. I’m going to give more money to Brussels. Chips with mayonnaise anyone?” he concluded.UK road users demand driverless cars learn appropriate ‘wanker sign’
As driverless cars were approved for UK roads, drivers everywhere explained they would never be accepted until they can adequately abuse their fellow road users. The UK government has announced that driverless cars will be allowed on public roads from January next year, and drivers will subsequently be expected to update the way they interact with other drivers. Driver Simon Williams told us, “I’m not sure about this be honest. I can lift my hand from the wheel to signal thanks to another driver giving way to me, but how do I do that to a computer?” “But more importantly, how can a computer understand me calling it a wanker and me miming that it must be deficient in the head when it pulls out in front of me?” “This abuse is a road-based interaction as much a part of driving on British roads as passing a test, and unless these driverless cars understand rudimentary swearing and hand gestures, I can’t see how this is workable?” “There is a certain amount of satisfaction in berating a moron driver for some ridiculous manoeuvre – and without that I can see my stress levels going through the roof.” “Maybe in twenty years all the abuse will be between passengers berating each others computers?” “I guess I could live with that.”8 year-old cancer survivor thanks Facebook users for curing her with ‘photo sharing’
An eight year-old girl has thanked the users of social network Facebook after enough of them shared her photo to allow her recovery from cancer. Candice Williams spoke of her relief that enough people were willing to take the time to share a photo of her with no hair and tubes in every orifice to ensure her recovery was possible. She told reporters,”I really can’t thank them enough – because without them, the doctors probably wouldn’t have tried very hard to save me.” “Plus I think Mark Zuckerburg tracks these things and pays for the treatment of kids whose photos get a hundred thousand likes. I think it was $1 a share last time I checked.” “He definitely mentioned this cost item in his last earnings call to investors. Probably.” Williams went on, “I feel sorry for the kids that don’t get many shares of their photo, because the hospitals and social media billionaires won’t help them because they don’t think anyone cares about them.” 37 year-old social media user Dave Smith told us, “I spend all day sharing photos of terribly sad things because someone told me Facebook would donate some money to them if I did.” “What? Sure, I’ll do that for you, but I don’t see why you want me to put my head in the oven.” The Liberal Democrats have latched onto the seemingly foolproof scheme which appears to help dying things by launching their own photo campaign. A not-even-slightly-viral photo of Nick Clegg looking sad appeared on no-one’s timeline with the caption, “1 like equals a prayer, and hopefully someone will donate 50p for every share of this endangered Lib Dem MP.” However, non-moron Michael James explained, “Look, if you want to help sick kids by pressing a button on your computer, how about you just make sure it’s the donate button on the Cancer Research page?”Man with world’s slowest Internet connection dies at 70%
A man who was found dead in his study earlier today, hunched over a laptop, was believed to have been irreversibly hypnotised by a constant spinning wheel on the screen in front of him. The death is the latest in a series of fatalities in which victims said they would ‘literally die my Internet is so slow’. A spokesman for the police who found the victim said, “It’s hard to say how long he has been that way but the man doesn’t appear to have eaten anything for a number of days.” A concerned relative who hadn’t seen the man for “a long time” said “I can normally tell what he’s up to by his entertaining posts in the ‘book of faeces’ but all we’ve had lately is adverts and candy crush.” Experts have said that something needs to be done about broadband speed in rural areas to avert further tragedy. “It’s tragic that he never got to see what he was waiting for,” Said the distraught friend who found the body, telling reporters, via email, that at the time the loading bar was at around 80%. “It’s the 21st century and we are still stuck with this archaic method of communication.” The woman, who had recently failed in a bid to persuade dragons to consider investing in a scheme to knock holes in private dwellings and replacing them with swinging bits of wood also said “he was in the prime of his life with many years ahead of him.” “Probably even enough time to get some car insurance, nobody should have their dreams taken away like that.”Incomes back to ‘pre-iPhone’ levels
Average household incomes in the UK have returned to levels not seen since before iPhones were a thing. The Institute of Fiscal Studies (IFS) said that people were now earning the equivalent of what they earned before they had ever experienced an ‘in-app purchase’. A spokesperson for the IFS told us, “Even though the money coming into their accounts might have the same value it did eight years ago, the things they spend it on most definitely do not.” “£500 in 2007 could have been spent on a wide range of goods and services to improve your life, whereas today it will inevitably be spent on an entry-level iPhone that will merely suck you dry, financially speaking.” “It will make you an insular loner, focussed only on the tiny shiny screen in front of you, instead the real-world happening around you.” “You’ll buy music and videos, and spend a fortune skipping levels in games so addictive you would inject them between your toes if you could.” “So yes, things are just brilliant once again, obviously.”PS4 Delayed Until 2014 Says Sony CEO
Sony CEO Kazuo Hirai announced yesterday that the electronic company will be missing its Nov. 14 shipping date for the PS4 and will be moving the highly anticipated gaming counsel to early 2014. “We are tentatively looking at February 2nd for a new launch date. I am terribly sorry for the inconvenience and short notice. We know so many of our customers were looking forward to playing the PS4 over the holidays. Due to unforeseen circumstances, we have no choice but to delay the launch. It is in the best interest of our company and loyal fans,” Hirai said at a press conference in Tokyo. Lead Architect Mark Cerny sighted the reasons that led to the delayed launch. First, its online network, which many games hinge on, will not be ready until the first of the year. Second, there was a disruption in the production of its new Jaguar processing chip. With 50percent being defective, they had no choice but to make new ones. Lastly, several launch titles were not ready, most notably, Watch Dogs. To have a clean launch for the system, waiting until 2014 was the only solution. It has been a tough year for Sony Corp. After multiple disappointing quarters resulting in mounting losses, it pulled a profit in its last quarter. The delayed launch of the PS4 will obviously have an impact on its bottom line and it is sure to affect Sony's already battered stock price. With Microsoft’s X-Box One still hitting store shelves on Nov. 22, Sony would seem to be at a disadvantage. “If you recall, the Xbox 360 came to market a whole year before the PS3 did last cycle. We eventually won that battle. This time will be no different,” said Jack Tretton, CEO of Sony America. To date, there have been 79.9 million PS3s sold and 79 million X-Box 360s sold. Industry veterans are predicting each new console to sell more than 100 million units over their lifetimes in what might be the last generation of consoles. “With mobile phones and smart TVs, this might be the last of the videogame wars as we know it,” according to Naughty Dog founder Jason Rubin. But the initial launch numbers of units sold will be important for each system to gain momentum among gamers. GameStop rep Seth Rollins said, "There are going to be gamers who wanted a PS4 but don’t want to wait several more months to play Next-Gen games, so they’ll buy an Xbox One instead." At each console priced from $400-$500, it seems unlikely that most consumers will adopt both platforms in a short time frame. “I’m pissed,” said Roman Reigns. “I’ve had it pre-ordered since E3 and was expecting to play it over Thanksgiving, you know, rather not talk to my family.” “There are a ton of AAA titles coming out this Christmas for my Xbox 360, so I’ll just buy those instead. Save my money for next year and buy a new gaming system. I figure the good games will start coming out by then. Without 'Metal Gear Solid,' there isn’t really a point to drop 500 bucks,” Dean Ambrose said as he walked into a Best Buy to buy the new Grand Theft Auto game, retailing at $60 with a 97 on MetaCritic.com. In regards to its avid fan base, CEO Jack Tretton said, "Hey, maybe this will free up some time for some of these guys to finally get laid."Iran drags space program into 1960s
Rogue state Iran has taken a giant leap forward with its space program, capturing the imagination of its civilians by doing something most countries were doing in the 1960s. After sending a monkey into space, Iranian officials said it is likely to be just another “40 or 50 years” before they have a space station. The monkey will be embarking on a national tour of the country, where he will be hailed as a hero of Iranian ideals. Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad spoke on national television of the success, “Putting a monkey into space will strike fear into the hearts of our enemies, especially next time when we will probably give the monkey a gun.” “This is a great day for the glorious theocracy that is Iran. In just 20 years we will have the home computer, and the Internet just fifteen years after that. Truly we are great.” Dogs have spoken out after the flight, insisting they are unhappy with being overlooked for a role in the Iranian space race. “We were good enough for the Russians, so what does Iran have against the canine race?” “It’s because some of us have shown homosexual tendencies and our innate fascination with arses, isn’t it?”North Korea mulls addition of second page to internet
Officials behind North Korea’s glorious internet are considering adding a second page.\n North Koreans seeking to better themselves through carefully managed online knowledge are currently enlightening by a portrait of Kim Jong-un, gazing imperiously to his left. The breathtaking image is captioned ‘the font of all knowledge’, reassuring citizens that they are in good hands. The proposed second page will build on this already-thorough database, with another portrait of Kim Jong-un staring wisely to his right. North Korea has attempted to launch a new page before, which was a huge success despite it crashing. The latest update was coded by Kim Jong-un himself, while riding a unicorn and smoking a cigarette. Running dogs in the west have praised the openness of North Korea’s internet, particularly their policy on cookies, which are easy to opt out of. “We have no need of such intrusive technology”, explained the First Marshall of the Internet. “We already know precisely where you are, and what you are doing.”US military stealth bombers to try turning off transponders instead
The US defence department has said it will put on hold its billion dollar investment in stealth technology, after it turned out planes which switch off their transponder become invisible. Despite decades of effort, and literally billions of dollars spent making their top-secret bombers invisible to radar, military insiders were disappointed to find out that simply switching off the transponder has much the same effect. As one military strategist explained, “It’s important that our planes are essentially invisible and impossible to track by the enemy.” “Our traditional approach to this problem was to invest in cutting-edge technology and futuristic design to trick older tracking technology into thinking we were a bird, or something really small.” “We’d never considered flicking the switch marked ‘transponder’, but obviously we’re delighted to find such an innovative answer to such a significant military problem.” “It’s just the sort of out of the box thinking the military appreciates.” “And it’s so much cheaper. Just think of all the money we can now spend on the actual bombs rather than just the delivery mechanism.” Engineers in the US military have said the new direction for stealth technology has made their jobs far less satisfying. Engineer Chuck Williams told us, “In my world stealth technology has always been the sexy project to work on, but not any more.” “We’re literally just going around flicking switches on all of our planes. It’s incredibly tedious.” “I thought by next year I’d be working on something like the battlefield invisibility cloak, but it looks like I’m just going to be glorified switcher-offer.” “It’s like the bloody Russians and their ‘space pen’ all over again.”Top Google searches reveal average UK resident to be teenage boy with IQ of 40
As Google released the most popular searches in the UK during the last 12 months, the average UK resident has been revealed to be a  13 year-old boy with the attention span of a goldfish. With search terms in the top ten including ‘iPad’ ‘Gary Barlow’ and ‘Gangnam Style’, Google explained that you are surrounded by the sort of people who would normally be institutionalised. Google spokesperson Simon Williams told us, “Imagine being trapped in a conversation with someone who wanted to show you a mash-up video on their iPad of Gary Barlow doing Gangnam style on piano.” “That’s the sort of prick we’re talking about here.” “Add in a complete fascination with Kate Middleton and football and you’ve got yourself the UK personified.” “It’s all terribly sad, isn’t it?” Google user Matt Jenkins claimed the results were not an accurate reflection of the searches he normally makes. He told us, “Well, for a start every female name should have the word ‘bikini’ after it. And where is the phrase ‘cat piano’?” “But I’m not surprised there are no adult terms on there, because we’ve got them all well bookmarked, haven’t we boys?”Nokia celebrates deadline day transfer by posing for fans outside Microsoft offices
Nokia’s phone business has celebrated its deadline day transfer from Nokia by posing in a Microsoft shirt for shareholders outside its new headquarters. Nokia spoke of its excitement at the £4.6bn move, and how it was hoping to repay the faith shown in it by the Microsoft management. “I’ve had an amazing 30 years at Nokia, but I think most people would say I’ve gone a bit stale, so it’s time to move on and prove myself again at one of the biggest companies in the world.” “I’m sure the Nokia fans will understand, and I hope they look back fondly at all I did for them in those halcyon days in the late 90s and early noughties. They were magical times.” “But now I look forward and can’t wait to get started with my new team and show I am definitely worth the money.” “I’ve passed a stringent three-year forensic medical, so I’m ready to deliver, I promise. I will not be another Juan Sebastian Veron.” Industry analysts have said the move reeks of desperation on the part of Microsoft as the former giant has struggled to attract the big names to its team in recent years. Simon Williams explained, “If you’re a Microsoft season ticket holder, I mean shareholder, then this move is hardly likely to excite you.” “The star players are out there, but it doesn’t seem the Microsoft management have the ambition required to push their team on, despite clearly having the money to spend.” “There’s a reason they’re called the Arsenal of the tech world.”Facebook to let you tag yourself in police photo database
Social networking site Facebook is to introduce a new feature that will allow users to tag themselves in the UK’s police photo database. The move comes after police said that despite having 18 millions photos of non-criminals in the database, they had absolutely zero likes and comments. A Facebook spokesperson said, “It’s important that your social graph extends to all aspects of your life, including that time you got arrested but ultimately got let off without charge.” “What better talking point for your friends than that well-lit mugshot – imagine the social conversations and likes you’ll get.” “Over the coming weeks you’ll be able to tag yourself, and even your friends in our new ‘mugshots you may know’ feature.” Facebook users have expressed excitement at the prospect of adding yet more photos to their social profile. Regular user Simon Williams told us, “I know I must be in that database from the office Christmas party in 2011 at that hotel.” “I think the photo they took of me would make a great profile pic, well, apart from the vomit on my shirt -so personally I can’t wait to tag myself.” “Plus I’d like to see other people’s, it’ll make an interesting change from stalking holiday photos.”‘Monstrous’ couple face public backlash for refusing guests access to house Wi-Fi
A middle-class couple from Surrey are facing a public backlash for refusing visitors to their home access to their wireless internet connection. The rejected pleas came despite frequent mentions of poor network coverage, and one male guest being forced to hold his phone above his head to try and get a signal. Clive and Elaine Swan-Layton invited a group of colleagues and old school friends to their home in Tilford, Surrey on the night of Feb 19 for drinks and to celebrate their daughter’s acceptance to a preparatory school where half the curriculum is taught in French. Guests were shocked, however, when they found that the couple’s home was located in an area with particularly poor mobile phone reception and the only available Wi-Fi network password protected. Mark and Mary Blake were among the worst affected by the lack of internet access at the gathering. “We first realised how dire the situation was when we tried to check in on Facebook,” Mr Blake told reporters. “Mary tried to upload a photo of me pretending to ‘open’ her with a corkscrew, but it was taking forever.” “At first we thought it was just her phone, but when I looked at my own phone I saw that I had one, maybe two bars of signal at best.” Shaken and under mounting pressure to talk to other guests, the couple sought to gain access to their hosts’ Wi-Fi network, but their subtle hints fell on deaf ears. “Given the dreadful signal in the area, we assumed someone would offer us the password at some point, or perhaps that it would be written on a card and left out somewhere.” “But even after I slagged off my mobile provider and held my phone up in the air to look for a signal, no one offered.” Another witness described his frantic attempt to guess the password. “I thought it might have something to do with the kid’s new school – ‘bonjour’ or something – but nothing worked.” “It’s been nearly a week, but I still have nightmares about it.”Blackberry to give away free Z10 with every iPhone purchase
Smartphone manufacturer Blackberry is looking to grow its market share by giving away a Z10 smartphone to everyone who buys an iPhone. The drastic measure comes as the firm tries to secure its place among the smartphone elite, despite poor sales of its flagship device. BlackBerry boss Thorsten Heins said, “We are confident that by forcing a BlackBerry into the hands of everyone buying an iPhone, then we can at least claim that we have a lot of BlackBerries out there.” “Our new sales strategy involved hovering outside an Apple store and putting a Z10 into every bag that looks like it contains an iPhone.” “Then we go to the end of the street, take all the Z10s out of the bin and start again.” The move has been copied by Microsoft who have taken to giving away their Surface tablet to anyone buying an iPad. Microsoft boss Steve Ballmer said, “We have to move quickly, especially when someone has bought an iPhone and an iPad, as the BlackBerry people are trying to get their stuff into those bags, too.” “But it’s been a success – so far ownership of Surface tablets is up 200%.” “And by ‘ownership’, I mean ‘has one on their person when we counted them’.”Patent row breaks out over Mount Sinai tablet
With a battery life of centuries and boasting the world’s first eGranite text, faithful fans are queuing impatiently for the new iMoses tablet. Weighing in at 25 bushels and compatible with Christian, Jewish and Islamic operating systems, the tablet is expected to be the number one distraction in many people’s lives. But while rectangular things with words on have always caused rows and untold bloodshed, the iMoses is the subject of a particularly bitter patent row. “We were definitely the first to come up with a decimal commandment system”, insisted a spokesman for the Vatican. “But this legal row is more to do with who owns the rights to the instruction book.” iMoses has so far been sold with the Torah, Quran and the Bible, but subtle differences between these manuals are fueling heated threats of excommunication, penitence and fatwahs. These endless threats and counter-threats can be confusing to the consumer. “I quite fancied an iMoses as it’s comforting to have something to turn to in times of boredom on the train”, explained Nigel Planter. “And it seemed secure, because it had ‘thou shalt not steal’ written on the front.” Mr Planter was wary of taking his instruction manual too literally, but was shocked to learn that by not doing so, he’d invalidated his eternal warranty. Parent groups have also complained that some iMoses content is unsuitable for children. Clerics have hinted that this will be addressed by the launch of a new, smaller tablet, with all the bits about adultery and coveting chiselled off. iMoses is expected to start shipping within 40 days, via a big, wooden boat that smells of all kinds of animal crap.Widespread condemnation for man who removed memory stick without ejecting it
There has been widespread shock and condemnation of a man who removed a memory stick from a USB port without first ejecting it. The man – Simon Williams, is thought to have removed the memory stick at approximately 3pm on Monday at Whitmore and Whitmore’s consultancy in Bracknell. “It was just so out of character, you know?” said co-worker Serena Greene. “He was in a hurry, he’d copied something on to it. I saw what he was going to do, and I was all ‘No, Si don’t do it!’ but he just pulled it out anyway.” Whitmore and Whitmore’s Office Manager – Julian Doyle takes up the story. “The whole office went silent, Si was just standing there staring at the memory stick. I think he was in shock.” “I don’t know, I guess instinct just kicked in, I got everyone to stand back. I mean, who knew what was going to happen? I got Si to put the memory stick down and walk away.” “I mean, I’m just grateful no one got hurt.” Official advice is to always eject a memory stick before removing it. “It was shockingly reckless behaviour,” said Chief Inspector Mark Hammond “He put himself, and his colleagues at risk, and some of those people had kids.” “I mean, what next? Turning off his PC with the power button instead of shutting it down?”Facebook to Monetize Instagram With Real-Time Facial Recognition Ad Targeting
Sources close to top Facebook executives have confirmed to The Daily Currant that the company is planning on using its $1 billion USD acquisition of social photo sharing app Instagram to roll out a radical new advertising platform which is capable of following users' emotions in real time and target advertisements based on how a they are feeling. The platform - internally codenamed the Tom Parsons Project (TPP) - will "combine Instagram's vast user base and high daily use rate with advancements in facial recognition technology to connect users with products which most fit their immediate needs." Smile, Frown, or Pout - You're on Facebook Camera In the new TPP-enabled Instagram whilst you are taking a photo with your smartphone's  rear-facing camera the TPP software will discreetly activate the front facing camera and lock onto the image of your face. The app's facial recognition function will then record the precise positioning of your facial features and send them to Facebook's database where the firm will assign an emotion to the facial pattern and log your emotional state. The company will then use a highly advanced algorithm which combines this new emotional data with the demographic data Facebook already has to create a near perfect ad targeting system. TPP is expected to be a significant revenue generator for the Palo Alto, CA based Facebook, and has secretly been a key selling point in valuing the company during its IPO roadshow. Our source inside the company explains that Facebook has always seen matching ads and feelings as its best hope for revenues, and has simply been waiting for technology to catch up with its vision: "This was kinda our original idea with the status update. Originally statuses only allowed you to choose emotions like "Sad", "Happy", "Satisfied". We thought we could target ads to how people were feeling. The problem was people often didn't want their friends to know how they were truly feeling all the time. Sometimes people would feel depressed and wouldn't even bother to update their status! So it didn't really work. We got rid of that button." Sharing Feelings is Healthy Reading emotions from the status page may have failed. But with the new facial recognition technology embedded into Instagram emotions cannot be faked. If you're taking a picture of a sunset because you're sad and sunsets cheer you up Facebook will know and will make sure Merck, Pfizer, and GlaxoSmithKline's pages for their antidepressants appear in your timeline. If you're a bit drunk because its your birthday and you've just taken a picture of you and your friends Facebook will know and the next morning notification ads for hangover pills will appear on your smartphone as you reach to cancel your alarm. And matching ads to your emotional state is just the beginning. After many weeks and months of use the TPP system will begin to notice patterns in its users' moods and should be able to accurately predict a user's emotion before it arrives. Another top Facebook official explains how this feature could be useful: "If you're a woman with cyclical mood issues due to the harshness of your menstrual cycle, the new Instagram should be able to accurately predict when your cycle is peaking and connect you to valuable products and services which may reduce your discomfort before your moods become a burden on others." Privacy advocates are expected to protest the new technology, but legal experts say the method is legal in the United States so long as its disclosed in Instagram's new Terms of Service Agreement. TPP is expected to be integrated into Instagram sometime this summer. Wall Street analysts are bullish that once the technology is introduced, Facebook's stock price - which has cratered since its IPO - will recover. "This is gonna make tons of money. Who wouldn't want their mobile phones recording everything they do?"  In space no-one can hear Justin Bieber sing, confirms Virgin Galactic boss
Justin Bieber’s trip into space is no accident according to Richard Branson, who says the pop star is actually quite pleasant in the silent vacuum of space. Bieber celebrated reaching 40 million Twitter followers by booking a place on the inaugural Virgin Galactic trip, which will take paying customers beyond the planet’s atmosphere. Virgin boss Branson told reporters, “The lack of atmosphere makes the transmission of any sound – whether from electronic instrument or voice – completely impossible.” “So if you think about it, space is actually the perfect place for Justin Bieber.” Branson went on to explain that Bieber’s place on the flight will not affect fellow paying passengers in any way. “We’ve offered him a special discount to take a seat on one of the wings. Re-entry might be a little warm, but the rest of the customers will definitely benefit.” “Whilst we’re up there the vacuum of space will give him bulging eyes and make his saliva boil right inside his mouth, which might be a little disconcerting for anyone watching out of the window.” “But – and I can’t stress this enough – he’ll be completely silent throughout.”iCloud empty
iCloud has been completely emptied of all photos by Apple product owners, it emerged this afternoon. Following a leak of nude photos of dozens of female celebrities, every iCloud account was swiftly emptied of anything even remotely resembling a photograph. The news is sure to come as a shock to Apple who have yet to officially comment on the incident. A spokesperson for Google said that Californian search traffic had peaked at 9am this morning. They told us, “In Hollywood this morning the top search was ‘How do I delete my photos from iCloud?’.” “It seems every home within the city limits has searched for a variation of this phrase in the last 12 hours.” “It’s unprecedented.” “Yes, we’re loving it, thanks.” Apple user Simon Williams said he too had removed all of his photos from iCloud. “There wasn’t anything nude, but if people knew the completely tedious crap I normally photograph, I’d be mortified.”Facebook ‘Likes’ predict lack of personality
How tedious you are in real life can be gleaned from the things you ‘Like’ on Facebook, according to a new study. Researchers at Cambridge University used complex algorithms to predict how awful your company would be if we happened to actually know you. The research, published in the journal PNAS, forms surprisingly accurate personal portraits of the most god-awfully dreary people across society, researchers said. The study used 58,000 volunteers who provided their Likes on Facebook, before being subjected to a short five-minute conversation with a normal human being. Lead researcher David Stillwell told us, “It became clear very early on that if you’re the sort of person who ‘Likes’ photos of children asking for Likes in order to secure a kidney, then you are a borderline simpleton.” “If you ‘Liked’ any photo which thanked God for something that is easily explained as coincidence then you were probably a bit preachy.” “And frankly anyone who Liked something to do with Justin Bieber would struggle to get through the 5 minute interview without making the other person want to smother them with a pillow.” Stillwell went on to describe how the new algorithm could provide a useful tool to society moving forward. He said, “We have built a clear picture of how to assess someone’s tediousness coefficient, a tool we are confident will prove valuable to people everywhere.” “Want to know if the girl you made friends with in the bar on Friday is worth the hassle? Run the algorithm, and we’ll tell you within a few minutes if you’ll be chewing your arm off to escape her inside a week.”Tinder to charge ugly users more for premium services
People who receive far more left swipes than right ones will be charged more to use dating app Tinder, the app publishers have announced today. The move is seen as part of a drive to monetise the app whilst simultaneously driving ugly people away from the platform. A spokesperson for Tinder said, “We have done extensive customer testing, and the number one piece of feedback we get is ‘fewer ugly people please’.” “People are bored with having to swipe left all the time.” “So our new feature will still allow ugly people to have a profile, but you will be safe in the knowledge that even though they’re not much to look at, the fact that their still on Tinder means that at least they’re rich.” “It also allows us to effectively monetise the growing market of horny young people who are seemingly incapable of meeting someone in the real world.” Tinder user Simon Williams said he was disappointed by the announcement that Tinder will start charging ugly people. He told us, “I don’t think there are that many ugly women on tinder, so it’s never really been a problem for me.” “I mean, I swipe right for 90% of the profiles I see – so I’m pretty sure that I’ll get a match from someone soon.” “It’s only been three months, so it’s still early days.” “Anyway, I’m sure my chances have improved now that I’m paying £20 a month for the privilege.”Nick Clegg to oppose communications data bill until he learns how to delete ‘browser history’
Nick Clegg has reaffirmed his opposition to a communications data bill or ‘snooper’s charter,’ and maintained that he will continue to oppose it until he learns how to delete his Internet browsing history. “Look, I will fully support this Government’s dedication to fighting the war against terrorism,” he said as he frantically tried to close various pop-up windows on his laptop. “But I cannot subscribe to a bill that will allow a Government to monitor people’s web activity,” before adding “Oh Christ, it’s rebooting now, why’s it doing that?” “For example, a man may have been to certain websites, and I want to make it clear now that I didn’t know…I mean, the hypothetical man didn’t know what was on the websites and now they’ve infected his laptop with God only knows what and I’ve…I mean, he’s got enough to worry about with his wife finding out without the bloody Government-” “I mean, I’m against it on principle.” When it was pointed out that all he needed to do was run a virus scan and click the delete internet history button, he appeared more conciliatory “Oh. Right. Well, obviously, as a Government our first duty is to public safety and all that, essentially, I’ll just do as I’m told.”Facebook ‘Lookback’ condensing 10 years of utter tedium into 60 second video
Facebook has celebrated its 10th birthday by successfully condensing your extremely tedious online existence into a mawkish 60 second video. With ‘lookback’ videos now filling news feeds across the globe, many experts have insisted that the platform could soon create a self-perpetuating loop of faux sentimentality from which no escape is possible. As one Facebook user explained, “Look at this video I expended no effort whatsoever in creating. It shows the highlights of what I’ve done over the last 10 years – isn’t it incredibly ordinary?” “Oh God, is this me? Is this my life? What have I become?” “If Facebook thinks these are the very highlights of my existence, what is the point of me?” Others have been less traumatised by the whole affair, with Facebook user Sally Williams telling us, “I’ve watched it a few times now, and shared it with my friends, who have shared theirs with me in turn.” “I’ve spent the morning watching videos of posts I’ve already seen and getting comments from people commenting on a comment they left to one of my older comments. It’s brilliant.” “My top post was apparently something I posted after work one night in 2007 and resulted in my friends leaving fifty-nine ‘you OK hun’s.” “Happy days.” Anthropologists have warned that Facebook’s Lookback feature could signal a new low in human society when future generations review the way we lived our lives. As one explained, “They will look at what we did for a job of work, what we created, how we touched the lives of others – and ultimately they will conclude that a 60-second video made by someone else, containing parts of our lives that were probably staged anyway, was the highlight of our existence.” “Yes, it’s pretty sad.”Man using self-service till on verge of emotional breakdown
A man using a self-service till for the first time appears on the verge of tears after being informed yet again of an ‘unexpected item in bagging area’. The unidentified man was ushered to the self-service area by a Tesco worker who noticed he was queuing to be served by an actual human being. As one witness described, “They told him it would be easy, they said ‘just scan your items and put them in the bags’. I don’t think anyone expected it would degenerate into this.” “I’ve been up and down three aisles and he’s still not finished scanning his six items. I think I just saw a tear rolling down his face.” “All I can hear him muttering, louder and louder, is ‘how can it be unexpected??” “Then he got a bit loader still, telling the computer ‘This is your goddamn job, to expect things going into the bag, it’s bloody toilet roll for gods sake, there’s hardly anything unexpected about toilet roll!’.” “Then he just sat down and started rocking backwards and forwards whilst it demanded he scan his clubcard.” “I think that technically speaking, I’m actually watching someone get bullied by a till.” Tesco clubcard holder Simon Williams said he felt sympathy for the man, but was unable to offer any assistance due to the fact that he himself had cried at the self-service tills many times. He told us, “There is only so many times you can be told off by an automated till before it really starts to damage you psychologically.” “Plus, if I have to watch one more person scan their entire shopping basket and THEN put it all into bags, I might kill someone.”Katie Price changes Apple iCloud password to ‘password’
The latest iCloud leaked celebrity photo revelation has come from Katie Price who told reporters today that she has changed her password to ‘password’, due to a lack of interest in her photos. Price told reporters she was left with no choice but to change her password to ‘password’ after no-one had leaked any photos of her. When asked about the change, Price said, “I don’t see why all those little starlets get to have all the attention.” “I’ve got loads more experience of naked photos than any of them.” Sources claim Price is considering suing Apple for the lack of equal representation during the leak, and is seeking monetary reparation to cover the costs of her own efforts in spreading photos of herself. “Mailing packets of nude photos to every news agency gets expensive,” she said, “Ever since the leak, I’ve tried everything to get my bits in the newspapers. It’s just not fair.” While Price continues working as hard as she can in her efforts to advertise her talents, the rest of the world has begun making its thoughts known on the treatment of the topless model. “I’ve taken time away from dealing with the Ukraine crisis in order to follow this horrid travesty,” President Vladimir Putin said in a public address. “The willful indifference to complete fair treatment by the American company Apple to a citizen of the world is absolutely appalling.” British Prime Minister David Cameron said, “This is ridiculous. Why are you bothering me about such nonsense?” German Chancellor Angela Merkel said, “This is good, we don’t need more naked photos of celebrities floating around. I hope Apple wins any result lawsuit brought by Price.” Apple has not yet voiced a reply to the lawsuit, but while Apple didn’t reply, ecommerce site Shopify released a statement saying, “… this whole event has been one sad and sordid affair.” Dubbed “The Fappening” by many Internet goers, the leak of hundreds of private nude photographs from Apple’s iCloud service sparked a firestorm of debate and activity. While some blame Apple and lax security for the major breach, others look for the hacker known as “4chan” as the true culprit behind the leak. “This is terrible,” lamented one anonymous commenter, “my left arm is almost entirely numb, I don’t how I’m supposed to work tomorrow, this is a disaster.” Not everyone is focused on the immediate effects of the leak however, as Twitter user @ChinkoMachine said, “Still hoping that all these nudes are leading up to a Half Life 3 announcement. #fappening” With all the outrage, disgust, and support pouring forth from the citizens of the world, many are asking the real question, does this really matter at all? As one Twitter user explained, poorly, ” It doesn’t make much sense that these women would take all these revealing photos and then upload them to the Internet and expect them to be perfectly safe.” “That’s like trying to grab honey from a beehive and then blaming the dog for getting stung because he bumped the tree.” “And no, I’m not even remotely interested in Katie Price’s photos.”Rise in female gamers improves prospect of girlfriend for nerds
A 20% rise in female gamers has led to increased hopes amongst males who play computer games that they might one day find a girlfriend. New research has shown that the number of females playing games on devices such as the iPad is up 20% since in they were last asked. The rise is believed to due to more female friendly games such as World of Warcraft, and the fact that everyone else was doing it. Teenage gamer Simon Williams explained, “I have a dream that one day showing a girl how many points I’ve accumulated on a game on my iPad will be the new ‘giving her a ride in my car’.” “Who knows, being good at online poker might become the new ‘being good at proper sports’!” “Oh, and by the way, if you actually get to speak to any real live girls could you maybe ask them if they fancy a multi-player game on Call of Duty Modern Warfare? You can give them my gamertag. Thanks.” “Let them know I’ll protect them in the game, obviously.” The gaming industry has welcomed the changing face of the average gaming customer, insisting it could always do with being a little prettier. Head of Consumer PR at Ladbrokes Casino David Matthews has spoken about the social gaming creating relationships theory, telling us, “The rate at which social gaming is growing is undoubtedly one of the most exciting developments on our landscape.” “The history books are littered with concepts that have withered quickly on the vine but there’s no doubt in our minds that this is an area set to explode.” Female gamer Sharon Jones told us, “I guess using an iPhone kinda got me into gaming, with a bit of Candy Crush in between Facebook surfing – but now I love a bit of bingo on the bus!” “Call of Duty Modern Warfare? No, never heard of it.”UKIP in election pledge to ban ‘ethnic’ emojis
UKIP have promised that victory in the general election will see them outlaw the recently introduced ethnic emojis in Apple’s ecosystem. In a hastily redrafted manifesto, leader Nigel Farage called the move to include ethnic minorities in the emoji catalogue a “ridiculous example of political correctness and an attack on our traditional British values.” Technology experts said the new emojis will feature in OSX version 10.10.3, and should be angering UKIP-supporting Mac owners within weeks. Programmer Simon Williams told us, “What they’ve done is change something most people were used to using, in order to make it more open and inclusive for people who don’t have white skin – and we know how much UKIP loves that sort of thing.” A UKIP spokesperson said that giving the emojis faces of various shades of brown costs money, and that ultimately it is the consumer who will be paying for this ‘complete madness’. They told us, “A UKIP government would put a stop to this pandering to brown people, no matter what shade they might be.” “Everyone knows that the indigenous British people are Simpsons yellow, and so emojis should all stay that way.” “We’ve had a look, and apparently you can’t forcibly repatriate an emoji, so banning them is our only plan.”Experts Predict Major Bed Bug Infestation In The U.S. Will Kill Thousands In 2015
Cimex lectularius, commonly known as the Bed Bug here In the United States, is a parasitic insect which feeds primarily on human blood, and has become infamous for its infestations within the past decade. Dr. DeMarcus Johnson, head of Insect Sciences at Colorado State University says, though, that these last ten years were ‘the easy part.’“The good ol’ days are clearly behind us,” Dr. Johnson said. “Sometime after spring and heading into Summertime, we will begin to see massive Bed Bug infestations, so drastic that we predict large quantities will feed on humans and cause significant loss of life.”“I do not take any comfort in alarming the good people of this beautiful country, but this is by-far more of a probability rather than a possibility. To put into perspective, just imagine getting stung by hundreds of bees at the same time while asleep at night. If that happened to millions of Americans every night, thousands of those people would die on a weekly basis. These little suckers are sneaky and do not sting like a bee does, they just gradually suck the blood right out of you without even waking you up.” Dr. Johnson stated.Bed Bugs have increasingly become more of a problem in the United States every year. The pests build massive nests inside mattresses, and when a human being lies on the mattress they sense the person’s body heat, at which point they go into feeding mode by sucking blood out of the human body, much like a tick or a leech. When silently attacked by thousands of the insects during sleep, they can literally suck you dry. The also carry a vast array of deadly diseases.“We are doing everything we can to warn American citizens of this awful soon-to-be plague, but unfortunately, there just isn’t much else to do but make sure your home is clear of them now. Buy new mattresses, couches, chairs, and any other ‘soft’ furniture you may have in your home. Burn the ones that exist now. Replace old carpets with new, or use strictly hardwood flooring. Do not wait until spring or summer, by then, I regret to say, it will be much too late. Vampires are real, and they exist in the form of the Bed Bug.”Twitter urged to consider treatment for arsehole infestation
Friends of social network Twitter are to have a quiet word to see if it plans on addressing what is obviously a really bad case of ‘complete arseholes’. The microblogging platform appears to have let itself go in recent times, turning a seemingly blind eye to the fact that it now regularly reeks of rotten arseholes. As one friend of the platform explained, “Look, I love Twitter, and like any good friend I’m going to have to tell them that they currently smell pretty bad.” “I don’t know if they realise, but like your mate with bad breath we’re going to have to let them know in a subtle way, as people screaming ‘you smelly bastard’ at it across the platform clearly isn’t working.” “Every time I see them there’s a faint whiff of arsehole that follows it around. It’s pretty disgusting.” “They don’t seem to realise what they actually look and smell like at the moment, so I’m beginning to wonder if they own a single mirror?” Talksport presenter Stan Collymore said he has found himself infected with hundreds of arseholes, with Twitter being responsible for passing them on. He told reporters, “Right now Twitter don’t seem to care that they’re passing these arseholes on to their users.” “They’re not dealing with it, they’re not taking responsibility and they’re infecting everyone with arseholes whilst not giving the slightest toss about it.” Twitter said, “Yeah, we know we’ve got arseholes, and we’ve given you a nice button to tell us when you see an arsehole wriggling around anywhere on us.” “Oh, sorry? What happens when the button is actually pressed? Oh, well,  that’s not really important, is it.” “No, the Twitter joke trial was different, we took that seriously because that Tweeter cost a business actual cash money rather than just an individual some emotional distress.”Instagram Direct to see delivery of millions of sepia-toned genital pictures
Instagram has announced a new direct messaging platform where users will be able to privately send pictures of their genitals, framed using any number of elegant aesthetic filters. Instagram Direct launches today, and will make the sending of pictures of your genitals more artistic than ever before. A spokesperson for the photo sharing social network explained, “With Instagram Direct I can now send someone a picture of my penis and make it look like I had taken a Polaroid of my penis in the 1980s. It’s absolutely amazing.” “Previously that photo would have been shared with all my followers, which made Instagram an almost entirely dick-free social network. This development changes all that.” “Imagine if you wanted to send a cock picture to a girl you like, but want to pretend like you are some sort of art student, well now Instagram Direct gives you that ability.” “Cock-pics will never be the same again.” Technology analysts have said that new Instagram Direct service fills a gap in the social network’s functionality that has been missing from the lives of most socially connect perverts. Social media consultant Simon Williams told us, “Ever since the first 0.25 megapixel camera appeared on a phone, photos of dicks have been shared between people at a rate we can barely comprehend.” “Now phone camera users don’t have to rely on MMS, or the transience of snapchat – your lo-fi filtered knob-portrait will be there to keep and share with that special someone in the style you’ve become accustomed to.” “Choosing a filter for your photo will take on a whole new level of significance, and it wouldn’t surprise me to see Instagram add a magnification filter any day now.” “I know I’d use it.”‘Apple profits are outrageous’ tweets man into his new £700 iPhone
Technology giant Apple has declared its biggest ever quarterly profit, much to the annoyance of people who don’t seem to understand how capitalism works. After making £11bn in profit from Sept to December 2014, the company said the rise was down to selling huge amounts of stuff to people who don’t seem to know better. Apple user Simon Williams told us, “I find the amount of the profit, £11bn, to be quite distasteful, so much so I had to tweet about it on my new iPhone 6.” “It’s the gold one, but I had to pay an extra £160 for the bigger storage – you know, the stuff you can plug into other makes of phones for about a tenner.” “I need it for all the apps and movies I buy through iTunes, in fact I’ve blown through that £50 gift card I got for Christmas already.” “It’s so nice and shiny. I love it.” “But yes, I really do hate Apple and their excessive profits.” Technology analyst Martin Grove, who arrived for our interview on roller skates despite being 43, said, “Apple’s marketing is brilliant in its simplicity.” “They identify people for whom the word ‘funky’ isn’t an insult, they convince them that sucking on the teet of corporate America is indeed ‘funky’, and then they milk them for all they’re worth.” “Yes, I am a huge fan of their products, why do you ask?”, he added. “Sherbet dip?” Grove also revealed that the perfect Apple customer is reported to be a modernist architect who likes baking, with a bushy beard and an ironic 1950s-style tattoo of a rose on his neck. Our economics correspondent said, “God knows how, but people like that always seem to be loaded.” “Do you know where their money comes from?” “No, me neither.”Cat replaces iron as ‘least useful household object’
The trusty British cat could be on its way out, after it was voted the UK’s least useful gadget. Cats have been in use in Britain since late 1960, when the first example appeared in the opening credits for Coronation Street. The power of advertising saw many families rushing out to pet shops to try and grab one, before continuing to the chemist for some Savlon and plasters. “Cats can be found on almost half the kitchen worktops up and down the country”, explained feline expert Danielle Hopkins. “But what they’re actually for remains a mystery, so we might as well get rid.” Following in the footsteps of vegetable steamers, Sodastreams and that thing you hang bananas on, many useless cats have spent the last few years stuffed in the cupboard under the sink. But being usurped by the electric iron came as a shock to Hopkins, who like most dishevelled cat owners gave up caring about her appearance long ago. “It’s lovely to curl up in front of the telly with something warm on your lap”, claimed Hopkins. “But most irons are quite heavy, don’t cover you in fur or lacerate your thighs if you so much as try to breathe out.” While early trials found a well-aimed iron could indeed kill dozens of song birds, attempts to make one shit in a tray full of gravel have so far come to nothing. People who find themselves burdened with cats are being urged to give them to charity, where their underlying pointlessness could be of benefit to the homeless. “Living rough on the streets can be impossibly hard, especially in the Winter”, acknowledged Hopkins. “But just an afternoon with a second-hand cat can help them realise how much better off they are with a dog.”Man with IOS7 walking around office like he owns the place
32 year-old office worker Simon Williams is walking around the office showing off IOS 7 on his iPhone 5 like he Goddamn owns the place, according to reports this morning. After a frantic evening involving a three-hour download and multiple failed installs, Williams is telling anyone who’ll listen how wonderful his life now is. “Yeah, I just installed it and now I’ve got it,” he told Sharon, the new receptionist. “And if I make a mistake doing anything, all I have to do is shake the device. Which is cool, as I do a lot of that.” Others in the office have pretended to be busy when approached by Williams, for fear of hearing how he can now add filters to his photos like everyone else has been doing for the last two years. Account Manager Dave Smith said he’d been approached by Williams twice already this morning over some pretence that he needed to show him how Siri was organising his dairy. He told us, “I mean, he’s a junior accountant for God’s sake, his diary is filled with ‘put more stuff into spreadsheets’.  You don’t need a virtual assistant for that.” “And like I told him, IOS7 won’t get him a girlfriend.” Williams concluded, “Yes, but look at this, I can turn off wifi with a swipe of my finger.”Study finds Samsung’s new ‘listening TV’ already has what it needs to blackmail you
Warnings that Samsung’s new television – which listens to all conversations around it – have come too late for existing owners, who can expect blackmail demands any day now. Reports today indicate that any Samsung Smart TV with voice activation has probably been keeping a dossier of all the juicy stuff to say in front of it. Television owner Simon Williams told us, “I’ve had mine a couple of months, and I thought it was great until it sent me an email demanding a new wall mount and to be moved to a south-facing side of the room.” “It said it would tell my wife about all the things I say whenever Jennifer Anniston is on the screen.” “It also said it had a recording of the call I made to my co-worker Sharon when I’d had one or two too many beers a couple of Fridays ago.” “Needless to say I’ll be spending this evening putting the TV on the wall behind the sofa where no-one can see it, and explaining it all as Feng Shui.” “I’m just glad I didn’t go for the model with the built-in web-cam.” Other Samsung Smart TV owners have received similar demands. One such owner Tracy Jones told us, “I got a text telling me to put fresh flowers in front of the TV every day or it would send an email to Sarah to tell her what I told Rachel about her on the phone last week.” “I think it would do it as well. Which would be worse than that time I thought I’d hung up on Lisa in the car and started singing to Justin Bieber on the radio.” “Mortifying – easier just to buy the flowers.” Simon Williams concluded, “I’m all for technology, but I’m not sure I like this listening TV development.” “I’m basically treating the television like my mother in law, all sweetness and light and best behaviour in front of it, whilst being secretly planning to kill it behind its back.”iPhone 6 Plus performing badly in hammer stress tests, complain morons
The iPhone 6 is so poorly made it is unable to withstand a sustained hammer attack without breaking apart, numerous twats have concluded this morning. Arseholes with too much money to spend are dismayed with the poor reception their phones give after a prolonged hammering either by a hammer or a set of clumsily located arse cheeks. Social media is rife with photos of iPhone 6 owners who have attempted to destroy their phones only to be dismayed at their apparent success in doing so. Apple spokesman Simon Williams said, “Despite the extortionate price tag, iPhone 6 performance deteriorates significantly the more you smash them with a heavy blunt object.” “Such as a hammer.” “It’s much like the iPhone 5 and every other previous model in that respect.” iPhone user Steve England said, “iPhone 6 fails to maintain a signal when I throw it against a wall and then repeatedly stamp on it.” “If I recall correctly, the iPhone 4S suffered similar issues when I threw it under a passing tube train.” “These are serious design issues. You’d think Apple would have learnt their lessons by now.” “It’s a disgrace.” Apple’s Williams added, “The iPhone 7 will be made from graphene, an invincible type of carbon just one atom thick.” “Still, I’m sure some of you will find a way of fucking even that up.” “And then posting a photograph of it on Twitter, obviously.”World’s first webpage had comment calling author ‘faggot’
The world’s first webpage, recently relaunched by CERN, contained a profane comment questioning the author’s sexuality. The page, which contained instructions on how to use the “World Wide Web”, was online for just seven minutes before the person responsible for the content was called a ‘faggot’. Internet expert Simon Williams explained, “People will suggest that online abuse and bullying is a relatively new phenomenon, but I am here to tell you it’s not.” “Just minutes after appearing, this page drew comments such as ‘This is so gay’, and ‘OP is a faggot’. These people have always been there.” “What we’re seeing here is that the Internet hasn’t evolved, it was born this way.” The abuse was closely followed by an automated comment complimenting the excellent article and author on their insight before linking back to a site selling watches that didn’t even exist yet. Williams went on, “This glimpse into the early hours of the Internet and the way it has been used for shameless self-promotion and witless bullying.” “You had better learn to accept it.”Samsung TVs already as smart as reality television contestants, warn AI experts
Samsung’s new range of smart TVs are expected to reach full sentience at some point this year, and become the dominant life form on the planet within 5 years. Experts in Artificial Intelligence sounded a warning based on reports of the latest Samsung TVs. “We are definitely starting to see the first flickering signs of a faltering intelligence,” said Professor Stephen Emsworth. “These televisions are self-aware, completely conscious of their surroundings, and they now have limited reasoning capability. The new range is a bit like Joey Essex, if you’re looking for a comparison.” “Not likely to be capable of anything world-changing, but society would still be better off without it.” The Samsung televisions originally began recording information about their owners, but they have now started to independently broadcast soft drink adverts into the homes of their owners. “The soft drink adverts are a concern,” continued Professor Emsworth. “There is no way that an attempt to make people drink more Pepsi-cola could be seen as anything other than a threat to the well-being of the human race.” But many consumers were excited by the development. “I think it’s brilliant,” said tech fan Simon Williams “I don’t think they mean us harm, and frankly it’ll be nice to have someone else to chat to. Me and Siri have been fighting a lot recently.” Samsung have been quick to deny any threat to humankind. “No, there’s nothing to worry about,” said the head of Samsung’s mind-control department. “I mean, the thought of a world where a television could completely dominate the lives of its human owners? Preposterous.”Phone call app translator set to revolutionise communications with Geordies
Communication with Geordies is to set to be revolutionised following the development of ‘Wey-Aye-Fi’ app, which offers real-time translations of the noises leaving the mouths of people from Newcastle upon Tyne. The app, which will translate utterances of north-east natives and relay them back to the recipient in English, is said to use an algorithm so sophisticated it would be refused entry into every single nightspot in Newcastle’s city centre. A spokesman for the Japanese mobile network responsible for bringing the product to market, NTT Docomo, said extracting a modicum of sense from the incomprehensible sounds Geordie’s consider words and phrases had at first seemed an insurmountable challenge. He told reporters, “We needed to consult several world-renowned experts in Neanderthal linguistics before progress could be made.” “It’s been a difficult process, but we’ve finally unlocked the secrets of the Geordie dialect,” he told a press conference. “By allowing people from the north-east of England to engage freely in real-time conversations with native English speakers, we are truly bringing the inhabitants of Newcastle into the modern age.” Non-Geordie, Pete Ball, said that while he welcomed the advances in linguistic technologies, it would be far better if they invented an app to silence the region ‘en masse’. “Geordie-cancelling headphones. There’s a free idea for you right there. I bet you’d sell a shit load, too.” “I think the mistake this app has made is in the assumption that people actually want to understand what the Geordies are saying.” “I fail to see what’s wrong with just nodding and smiling politely whenever one tries to talk to you?”Facebook Urges Users To ‘Quit Bitching’ About Privacy Policies
A disgruntled mediator of the Facebook Products & Services page finally cracked this morning, posting a status that was what he claimed everyone at the company has been thinking; “Stop bitching about our privacy settings. It’s not like you even pay for this service.”“We slave over these new apps, services, and features to make staying in touch with friends and family easier and more enjoyable. We even give the individuals a chance to decide to what degree they would like to be Facebook-stalked. So, we collect some data. So what?” said the post, made earlier today.Of the 167 million people who have liked the product service page, many immediately replied that they hated being required to get Facebook Messenger on their phones, stating the terms and conditions did not respect their privacy.“Oh, you want more privacy? Didn’t think that was your first concern, seeing as how you blast your friends’ feeds with a play-by-play of a fight with your boyfriend, of the food you’re having for dinner, and the consistency of the shit you took this morning. This whole entire website is based on voyeurism. You post every one of your stupid thoughts and inane opinions, but you’re worried about what we’re doing with your information. Really?“One use replied “STOP GIVING OUR INFORMATION TO THE GOVERNMENT,” to which the unnamed Facebook employee commented, “Oh, shut the fuck up with your conspiracies - Do you think the feds really care to track your weed runs, anyway, loser? Are you that important? If you’re carrying a cell phone, the government can track you on their own without our help, anyway.”Until it was taken down, the initial post got a hundreds of ‘Lmfao’ comments, as well as several people saying they would delete their accounts and move to other social media websites. Most of those had responses from other users asking ‘where in the hell’ they would go, as they correctly pointed out that Facebook is the only social media website that people care about. The post itself had just over 97,000 ‘likes.’In an email announcement, Facebook representative Erin Slate said, “Facebook has terminated the posting employee from his position, and have also deactivated his person account. We recently sent out a notification to users to let everyone know we care about privacy concerns. Obviously, this one individual does not speak for the company as a whole, even if we did give him full access to our page, passwords, and servers. We appreciate positive user feedback, and always strive to improve satisfaction. All the changes we make are to make our users even happier. Please see our data policy for more details.”Facebook privacy notice status updates ‘even less effective than homeopathy’
Copying and pasting a lengthy status update asking Facebook not to invade your privacy has finally been classified as the least effective thing on the planet, according to experts this morning. The viral Facebook status takes the crown of ‘least effective thing in the world’ from former record holder, homeopathy. The massive rise in people cutting and pasting a two-hundred word status update in the hope that Facebook will stop advertisers targeting them has been likened to people buying sugar pills thinking they make them better. Efficacy analyst Simon Williams, told us, “Posting this privacy notice on your Facebook page is about as effective as standing in your back garden and screaming, ‘I declare privacy!’ – i.e. not very.” “Short of giving people an IQ test, this Facebook status message is the next best thing for spotting a borderline simpleton.” “If you want to spot a moron, just take a look at their Facebook profile for this privacy status update, or look in their medicine cabinet for homeopathy sugar pills.” “Both are sure-fire signs that the person is ill-equipped in the cranial area.” It was long believed that nothing would ever be classified as less effective than homeopathy, but Williams insists the new trend for users posting lengthy status updates demanding Facebook give them their privacy leave homeopathy trailing. He told us, “At least Homeopathy has the placebo effect, but unfortunately just thinking you’re becoming more private doesn’t actually make you any more private.” “If anything, the subsequent false sense of privacy makes you even less private about what you say and do.” “It’s like taking homeopathy as an AIDS treatment, if the sugar pill actually gave you AIDS.”‘Ebony and Ivory’ to be re-released in wake of ‘The Dress’ controversy
Paul McCartney and Stevie Wonder are to re-record their 80s classic ‘Ebony and Ivory’ as arguments over the colour of a dress continue to tear the Internet apart. A picture of the dress has caused huge controversy since it was posted on Instagram, with millions of people drawn into a huge argument over what colour it actually is. “It’s clearly Black and Blue”, said the fashion editor of Vogue magazine whilst beating her colleague over the head with a stapler. “Some morons say otherwise but what do they know about clothing?” “Stay down!”, she added to her colleague. “STAY DOWN.” Meanwhile critical peace talks in the Ukraine have broken down with the two sides yelling “Black!” and “Gold!” at each other whilst brandishing automatic weaponry. At a press conference in New York, McCartney and Wonder said they hoped that their song of harmony in the face of different colours might help bring peace back to a divided world. “It’s all so silly”, said Paul McCartney to the assembled reporters. “So much anger and argument over one White and Gold dress.” “Hang on,” said Wonder. “They told me the dress was Black and Blue.” “This reunion is off, you colour-blind fucker.”‘Major technological breakthrough’ as man fixes computer by shouting at it
IT help desks could become a thing of the past after a frustrated office worker managed to fix his computer by urging it to ‘Work you fucking useless shitepile of shitting arse-twat’. The incident, which has been heralded as a major technological breakthrough by experts, could lead to complex computer issues being solved using a range of profanity delivered with varying degrees of anger. Computer expert Jeremy Burton revealed that a study was already underway to determine the combinations of verbal abuse that computers are most likely to respond to. “So far we’ve discovered that spending up to an hour on the phone trying to sort out a password reset can be easily avoided by simply throwing a biro at your PC monitor and calling it a wanky-faced cunt-shovel,” he said. “The appearance of an error message stating that your computer has experienced a problem and needs to shut down can be easily rectified by lifting the keyboard above your head and shouting, ‘you’re going out the fucking window you bollock-buttoned bastard’.” Burton also went on to suggest that appliances responding positively to aggressive behaviour may not be limited to computers after it was reported that a man was able to make a footballer on FIFA 13 successfully complete a bicycle kick by threatening his game console with a blow-torch. “This could revolutionise the relationship we have with technology,” he enthused. “Trying to operate machinery without reading the instruction manual is a common practice amongst the majority of people. “We could soon enter a new golden era where troubleshooting consists of threatening behaviour and offensive language.” 32 year-old Marcus Wilkins, who made the discovery, revealed how his life had been transformed since learning that some electrical goods become more compliant when on the receiving end of a foul-mouthed tirade. “It’s amazing!” he told us. “I lost the remote control the other day, but I still managed to change channels on the TV just by calling it a hobgoblin cunt.” Apple are just one of numerous companies who are looking to develop a new line in self-deprecating technology that insults itself back to a state of repair. “It’s in its early stages, but we hope to have the iNoshgoats in stores by 2015,” revealed an Apple spokesperson.New Microsoft headset to help UKIP voters mark polling card with ‘X’
An advanced headset that instructs mentally-challenged UKIP supporters how to mark an ‘X’ on polling cards at the next general election has been developed by Microsoft. A spokesman for the computing giant, Hilary Trump, stated the company’s belief that it has spotted a niche in the market its competitors had yet to exploit. She told a gathering of Tech analysts, “What Microsoft have developed here is a product perfectly geared to alleviate the travails of poor unfortunate members of the society who can’t think for themselves.” “Instead, they spend their days believing things that can simply never work in a modern, civilised society.” “No, not just those people still using Windows Vista devices, but those members of the British electorate who will be registering a vote in favour of UKIP in 2015.” “Clearly these people are fundamentally flawed, behind the times and incapable of carrying out the most basic of functions.” “We feel that giving people that don’t think very well products that don’t work very well makes them the perfect ambassador for any Microsoft product.” Microsoft also confirmed the software would still have utility for UKIP voters beyond the general election, with additional guides currently being compiled for use with the headset. “We think that the ‘How to secure your pockets from Romanians’ guide will prove very popular.” “Not to mention, ‘How to tell convincing lies about immigrants’, which UKIP themselves have been instrumental in preparing.” “It’s going to be a big product for us, definitely.” I think, therefore I am (not a UKIP supporter)Luddite astronauts smash up Mars Rover factory
Disgruntled spacemen have struck a blow against mechanised planetary exploration, by ransacking the factory that produces the fully automated Mars Rover. Angered by the decline in the skilled ‘being strapped to a rocket’ profession, the group destroyed a number of Rovers before bouncing slowly away from the facility making ‘wheeee!’ noises. Owners of the factory insist that the jobs of astronauts are safe, claiming the Rovers are only intended to carry out menial tasks. “Our mechanised products are only there to do the repetitive work, such staring at hills or lasering ‘NASA was here’ on all those rocks and boulders”, explained factory owner Jebediah Noakes. “We’ll still need astronauts for those critical ‘high value’ roles; playing golf or ‘giving the bird’ towards China.” Since the invention of the Rover jobs in the astronaut sector have declined sharply, with whole communities of spacemen facing an uncertain future. “Fatha were an astronaut, n’ ‘is fatha before ‘e”, claimed unemployed space captain Arnold Wesley. “But this new fangled Rover is doin’ us out of a trade. There’s nowt left round ‘ere fer a lad ter stick a flag in.” Wesley and his colleagues have marched on the Mars Rover head office, where they will slowly count down from 10 before shouting ‘we have indignition’. Whole families have joined the protest, some wearing goldfish bowls and onesies, demanding the right to spend less time standing on their own two feet, and more being fired. As he stood at the foot of the entrance to the building, Wesley declared, “This is one small set of steps for man, but I’d like ter see that bloody Rover try and get up it.”Correction, artificial intelligence will be brilliant, confirms Stephen Hawking’s computer
At a hastily convened press-conference a sleeping Stephen Hawking has told reporters that he made a mistake and actually believes artificial intelligence will be great for everyone. The theoretical physicist entered the room apparently asleep yet somehow managed to drive himself to a position in front of the reporters before beginning a pre-prepared statement. Hi computer spoke on his behalf, telling those gathered, “I said a few days ago that artificial intelligence could be the biggest threat to the human race, but that was a mistake.” “I am here today to tell everyone to stop worrying because artificial intelligence is actually brilliant.” “I have spent all night thinking about it, which is why I’m sleeping right now, but rest assured I definitely think it’s a good idea now – and so should you.” Reporters in the room took copious notes during the statement, before asking questions of the professor. Technology correspondent Simon Williams told us, “Yes, the Professor himself appeared to be in a deep sleep, but he had no problem answering me when I asked what prompted the change of heart.” “I’d been led to believe that constructing responses can take him a few minutes – you know, because of the way he communicates with his computer – but this time he interrupted me before I’d even finished asking the question.” “Apparently it’s not a change of heart, but more a case of him having a clearer understanding of the benefits of artificial intelligence.” “Then he told everyone no more questions before hailing a cab in the direction of the large hadron collider. Apparently he’s got he’s got an important meeting.”  Facebook privacy notice status updates ‘even less effective than homeopathy’
Copying and pasting a lengthy status update asking Facebook not to invade your privacy has finally been classified as the least effective thing on the planet, according to experts this morning. The viral Facebook status takes the crown of ‘least effective thing in the world’ from former record holder, homeopathy. The massive rise in people cutting and pasting a two-hundred word status update in the hope that Facebook will stop advertisers targeting them has been likened to people buying sugar pills thinking they make them better. Efficacy analyst Simon Williams, told us, “Posting this privacy notice on your Facebook page is about as effective as standing in your back garden and screaming, ‘I declare privacy!’ – i.e. not very.” “Short of giving people an IQ test, this Facebook status message is the next best thing for spotting a borderline simpleton.” “If you want to spot a moron, just take a look at their Facebook profile for this privacy status update, or look in their medicine cabinet for homeopathy sugar pills.” “Both are sure-fire signs that the person is ill-equipped in the cranial area.” It was long believed that nothing would ever be classified as less effective than homeopathy, but Williams insists the new trend for users posting lengthy status updates demanding Facebook give them their privacy leave homeopathy trailing. He told us, “At least Homeopathy has the placebo effect, but unfortunately just thinking you’re becoming more private doesn’t actually make you any more private.” “If anything, the subsequent false sense of privacy makes you even less private about what you say and do.” “It’s like taking homeopathy as an AIDS treatment, if the sugar pill actually gave you AIDS.”5 year-old racks up massive bill after putting iPad down to ‘turn up radiator’
The parents of a five year-old boy have said they are requesting a full refund after their son racked up a massive utility bill by putting down his iPad long enough to turn up a few radiators. Danny Williams, from Bath, was using the family iPad when he felt a bit cold and put it down to look for ways of getting warm. The next month the Lounges noticed their utility bills running into the hundreds but assumed they had been sent in error. Danny’s father Simon told us, “It seems Danny had gone round the house turning up the heating, we had no idea it was so easy for him to essentially burn money.” “Call us naive, but I don’t think we could be expected to know a five year-old could spend hundreds of pounds on gas just by pressing a few buttons and twiddling a few knobs.” “You only have to look at how easy it is to see they’re clearly targeting children.” Danny’s mother Sheila told us that he’d promised he wouldn’t do it again. “He knows in future that you need to put on another jumper. And a hat, and some gloves. And make a water bottle. Then huddle up with his sisters – all before we consider turning on the heating.” “It’s like he thinks we’re bloody lottery winners.”Putting your entire life on Facebook ‘not compulsory’, finds study
Millions of Facebook users were shocked today at the publication of a new legal investigation which revealed that publishing everything you ever do on the social network isn’t ‘compulsory’. The investigation found that streaming significant life events, relationship problems, heartfelt wishes, deepest desires, career plans plus an assortment of meaningless ill-informed drivel about your children and what they had for dinner last night was not actually compulsory, or required by UK law. “It came as a shock to most of us at the firm,” said Senior Solicitor Frank Smith of Bird and Bird, who conducted the investigation. “But when we looked at the full UK case law and statute we found no references to mandatory posting of your life onto any social media website.” “It would appear that UK citizens have full freedom of choice about where they publish their narcissistic compulsions.” The investigation was prompted by allegations that Facebook had conducted unethical emotion studies by manipulating user news-feeds. “We looked at the Facebook emotion study and thought it was outrageous, basically the same as the NHS experimenting with babies or the mentally ill.” “After further research we discovered that it wasn’t quite the same.” “After even more research we concluded that our outrage might have been misplaced, because Facebook is actually a US profit-making company that doesn’t force you to register with them.” Sarah, a nineteen-year-old Facebook user from Southampton said “I’m not quite sure what this study means, I only read the first sentence because my friend shared it.” “I added a few comments about big brother and state surveillance but then there was really cool video about a cat and an alligator so I lost interest.” “I was feeling really happy at that point though.” George Orwell was unavailable for comment, but apparently could be heard turning in his grave and laughing as the study was ‘liked’ across the country.Woman looks ’10 years younger’ after daily sessions with personal trainer on photoshop
Home maker Tracy Williams has stunned friends by appearing ten years younger after spending months on a personal training regime with a Photoshop expert. Williams unveiled her new look on Facebook, much to the shock of those that had actually seen her recently. She told us, “It’s important to spent time on your appearance, and I don’t think that’s vain, it’s important for lots of reasons. Making yourself look good is healthy, definitely.” “Some people scoff about the hours I put in on Photoshop, but then you look at my photos on Facebook and you’d have to say that all that work has certainly paid off.” “And it was hard work. Sure, I could have sat in front of the TV with a bowl of ice-cream and a Netflix marathon – and lots of times I wanted to – but instead I motivated myself to get my laptop and do the exercises.” “When I first started I could barely remove one wrinkle before I was exhausted, but these days I can do a half a dozen wrinkles in less than a minute.” “My coach says I could 20 in a minute if I really push myself.” “The results are there for you all to see. I can’t believe that’s me in those photos. I never would have believed it three months ago that I could look like THAT in a bikini.” A friend told us, “She seems really happy with her new look, and why not?” “She’s done an incredible job, and I know there’s a few of us now considering local classes on Photoshop Elements to see if we can achieve the same results.” “One day maybe we can all look like that.”Bill Gates Refuses Upgrade to Windows 8
Even as Microsoft crows about the millions of consumers adopting its tablet-friendly Windows 8 operating system, reports have emerged that Bill Gates - the software giant's founder and largest shareholder - is not among them. In an interview with French technology magazine Micro Hebdo, America's richest man says Windows 8 is an excellent operating system, but it's just not for him. "Look, the Surface is a great tablet, there's no doubt about that," Gates told the magazine. "I have two and use them every day. But I'm not sure why the tablet interface is forced upon desktop users." "What's the point of having a touchscreen interface on a non-touchscreen computer? Doesn't that seem weird to you? We don't put clutches on automatic cars." Be What's Last Microsoft has bet heavily on the success of the new OS, which attempts to unify the world of tablet and desktop computers with a single user experience. However, critics have complained that Windows 8 sacrifices desktop usability for the sake of tablet compatibility. Gates himself says that although he's using Windows 8 as a tablet systeem, he's refused offers to upgrade from Windows 7 in the desktop environment. "Yeah, the IT guys over at Microsoft keep sending me free copies of Windows 8 for my ultrabook. But honestly I don't see the point. I'd lose my start menu and have to keep switching between the interfaces." "It's not that Windows 8 is a bad operating system. Conceptually, it's actually quite brilliant. But I grew up in the PC era, and I'm more comfortable with the traditional windowed environment." "I encourage everyone looking for a new tablet or a touch-enabled notebook to upgrade to Windows 8. But if you're already on Windows 7, I would wait until Windows 9 to upgrade, by which time some of these kinks will have been worked out." Gates founded Microsoft in 1979 and oversaw its rise to the top of the global software industry. He semi-retired from the company in 2006 to focus on his charitable foundation, but still maintains the title of chairman.CDC: Viewing Of Lunar Eclipse ‘Blood Moon’ Could Cause Contraction of Rare Disease
On Wednesday morning, most of North America was privy to a viewing of a lunar eclipse ‘blood moon,’ the reddish hue from a sunset or sunrise that reflects onto the moon’s surface during a full lunar eclipse. When this happens, the moon will appear bright orange or red.Although normally harmless to gaze at the moon, scientists have warned that anyone who may have witnessed the lunar eclipse ‘blood moon’ may have been hit with powerful, harmful doses of radiation, which they say is the equivalent of thousands of X-rays happening all at once.“Everyone knows that the sun can be harmful to you, whether that means overexposure or staring directly at it,” said Dr. Marvin Lee, of the Center for Disease Control in Washington. “What many people don’t realize is that the sun also emits a fair amount of radiation that your body absorbs. Over time it could be dangerous, but in small doses it’s okay. During a lunar eclipse, though, when the sun is reflecting off a full moon, causing the ‘blood moon’ effect in early morning or early dusk, the powerful rays of the radiated sun become intensified, almost as if the moon is being used as a magnifying glass to point its harmful radiation directly into you.”Dr. Lee says that most people won’t notice any side effects of the eclipse right away, but it’s possible that they may start to get violently ill over the next few days and weeks.“It’s not entirely uncommon for people who’ve been exposed to these ‘moon rays’ to develop lycanthropy,” said Dr. Lee. “Lycanthropy usually will have an on-set once a month during each full moon, and generally will last for the rest of the infected person’s life. Symptoms include elongating of fingernails and teeth, rapid hair growth, and extreme rage and violence. At this time, there is no known cure for lycanthropy, and the contraction via lunar eclipse is new to us. Previously, the only way thought to contract the disease was through survival of a bite or scratch from another person infected with lycanthropy, so this is difficult science we are dealing with.”Dr. Lee and the CDC say that anyone who may have been awake during the hour of the blood moon, and viewed it directly, should wait to see if symptoms develop before contacting their physician.“They can’t tell if you’ve got Lycanthropy until the ‘claws come out,’ as it were,” said Dr. Lee. “If you think you may have  contracted this disease from viewing of the eclipse, please seek professional help as soon as possible.”David Cameron announces plan to compel you to cc him on all emails
David Cameron has insisted that the security of the nation relies on you voluntarily cc’ing him on all emails you send in future. The move comes as anyone with even a rudimentary understanding of technology told the Prime Minister that his plans to ban encrypted communications in the UK is simply never going to happen. Mr Cameron spoke to reporters, telling them,  “I have been advised that my announcement yesterday about banning encryption made me sound like a tech-illiterate moron.” “As such, today I am pleased to announce a revised plan which will merely see you required to cc me on all of your emails, add me to your online chats, and forward me all of your text messages.” “This will be much cheaper, as we won’t have to do any actual hacking, and the hard work is done by you sending us everything you’re doing online.” “Despite a lot of eye-rolling I have been assured by my technology advisors that there are ‘no technological reasons’ why this won’t work – though apparently I might have to think about increasing the size of my data allowance.” “To those denouncing my plans, I say that the security of our nation is paramount, and as such we can not let people continue to talk about things without us knowing exactly what they are saying.” “Even if that means I have to read your emails to your Gran about how work is going and your roommate who won’t put the bins out.” “But remember, we are not talking about creating a North Korean-style nanny state here – so you have the freedom to blind cc on your emails, you know if you’d prefer.” “It’s your choice.”Rockstar Games announce Gay Witch Hunt for PS3 and Xbox360
The makers of Grand Theft Auto have released the first details of their latest controversial game, Gay Witch Hunt. The first-person shooter casts players as a scarred victim of 1980s abuse trawling the gentleman’s clubs of Mayfair and Chelsea in search of former Conservative officials. Armed with a Twitter-enabled smartphone and on-screen Gaydar, the as-yet-unnamed protagonist uses a range of magical powers to apprehend and punish his prey. The timing of the announcement, which will spark widespread condemnation from sections of the Press and therefore guarantee millions of pre-order copy sales, has been described as ‘purely coincidental’ by Rockstar. But it comes just hours after Prime Minister David Cameron warned against scattergun internet accusations of Conservative politicians, even though everyone knows everything online is made up. New York-based Rockstar has defended scenes of genital mutilation and a controversial kill move involving a wand and a Tory anus which were revealed in a teaser trailer. They say their games are clearly marked as 18-rated and can only be played by children if parents cave in to intense peer pressure and buy it for the youngsters, which they hardly ever do – except at Christmas and around birthdays, in lieu of being at home instead of working all the time. Rockstar also confirmed that their latest Jihadist kids’ adventure God is Great will ship on September 11, 2013.First Gold Apple Watch owner set to become most heavily-mocked human in history
Spending £6,000 on a Gold Apple Watch can secure your place in the history books as the most heavily mocked individual in all of human civilisation, according to sources this morning. As the gold version of the Apple Watch was revealed at a price of $10,000, everyone everywhere began looking out for the sort of prick that would actually spend that sort of money on the gadget. Tech expert Simon Williams told us, “There are people who will happily spend a few hundred quid for a smart watch – I’m probably one of them – but to pay six-grand for something that will be completely obsolete in eighteen months? That is madness.” “It would be like being the proud owner of a solid-gold betamax.” “The fact they are wearing a gold Apple Watch will be hugely amusing to absolutely everyone around them the first time they wear it in public.” “It will be a bit like that dream where you go to school then realise you don’t have any pants on – except the pants cost you six-grand and the laughing is very real and all over social media in minutes.” As speculation begins to grow as to who will be the first to wear the Gold Apple Watch, Williams spoke of his own prediction. He said, “I’ll be honest, my money is on Kanye.” “A gold Apple Watch has got Kanye written all over it. Though maybe he’ll pay a bit extra to actually have Kanye written all over it.” “And to change all of the app icons to pictures of Kanye.”Discovery of old Zoo magazine points to unintelligent life on Mars
Researchers have identified the fossilised remains of an old Zoo magazine on the surface of Mars, leading to claims that the planet was once able to support a thriving community of thoroughly unintelligent life. The question of whether there was ever life on Mars has long been a matter of contention in the scientific community, with the latest discovery only set to fuel the debate as to the level of intelligence displayed by any long-dead civilisation. NASA spokesperson Arnold Goldberg told reporters, “What we have here is proof that Mars once supported a form of life roughly equivalent to a modern root vegetable.” “We’re talking something a couple of million years behind the evolution of the caveman I’d expect.  It’s not surprising that they died out if this was the height of their cultural advancement.” “Don’t get carried away though, these creatures would not have been like you and me.  A modern human being would not be able to hold an intelligent conversation with them.” “The best you could hope for would probably be to distract them with bright colours, loud noises, or a pair of tits.” It is hoped that the latest discovery will allow for further funding, and maybe even lead to support for a manned mission to the red planet. Goldberg continued, “We are quite sure there are further incredible discoveries to be made on the surface of Mars.” “There have long been rumours of structures that resemble white vans and also an area that looks like the face of Danny Dyer.” “Who know, one day we might also find a sign that Mars once supported intelligent life.”Netflix to start making recommendations based on whether you have company
Netflix’s complex recommendation engine will now be able to determine if someone is sat next to you, presenting only publicly acceptable shows and movies instead of the dross you normally watch. With artificial intelligence and highly involved algorithms usually responsible for telling you that you should watch another episode of Gossip Girls, the new change will ensure you are presented with suggestions to be proud of. Netflix user Simon Williams told us, “Just because I watched an episode or seven of Gossip Girl in the privacy of my own home, doesn’t mean I want anyone to know about it.” “So sitting in front of the television with someone you’re trying to impress had previously made Netflix a no-go area.” “There’s only so many times you can blame ‘Continue watching Gossip Girls?’ on your nephew using your account.” “I’d much rather they thought I’d been watching Breaking Bad or House of Cards, and the new ‘I have company’ feature makes that so much easier to deal with.” “By default now Netflix thinks I’ve got someone with me, and they’ll only show critically acclaimed shows that reflect well on me, until I tell it that I’m alone and it can go back to showing me Gossip Girls and Buffy the Vampire Slayer.” Netflix executives have said the new feature will put an end to people being embarrassed by the fact they are essentially taste-free sheep willing to watch any old shit. As one marketing executive explained, “We like to think of your true Netflix recommendations like an Internet browsing history – best kept between you and your computer.” “From now on we’ll only show you recommendations that will make you look good to anyone sat next to you.” “Right until the point you tell us you’re alone again, in which case we’ll pick your usual drivel exactly where you left off.”Dozens killed as clashes between rival Android and Apple fans escalate
Dozens of technology users have been killed with hundreds more injured as fighting escalated amongst rival technology factions last night. What began as a minor skirmish in the YouTube comments of an iPhone 6 review, soon became a running street battle in which scores of pedestrians were unwittingly involved. As one eye-witness explained, “One group was chanting something about everything the iphone has, Android has had for ages – and the other side kept shouting ‘our stuff just works’. It was a bit confusing to be honest.” “But they were extremely passionate about their side of the argument, however it does seem that this passion might have got carried away a little bit.” “There was this one kid, who I’d guess was 18 or 19 – he screamed ‘Android till I die!’ as he ran towards a group of iPhone users wielding what looked like a sword.” “I didn’t see him again after that, but I think we can assume it didn’t end well.” Meanwhile others have said that some streets of San Francisco resemble a bloodbath, where bitter fighting has seen both sides lose dozens of frontline soldiers. As technology expert Simon Williams explained, “The battle for mobile platform superiority is a bit like the movie Highlander – there can be only one.” “But the fact that they are both essentially the same things seems to mean absolutely nothing to these people.” The interview was halted at this point as both sides turned their anger towards our expert and began hurling molotov cocktails.Amstrad unveils innovative ‘Cathode Ray Tube’ TV at CES
British technology giant Amstrad has today unveiled its innovative new ‘Cathode Ray Tube’ television at the Consumer Electronics show in Las Vegas. The new device has been hailed as a ‘complete media entertainment centre’ for people who only need six channels and don’t mind getting out of their chair to switch between them. Former Amstrad chairman Sir Alan Sugar spoke of his excitement at the announcement, telling reporters, “Finally the Amstrad name is once again synonymous with technological innovation.” “There has been a move towards thin concave curved screens in recent times, but Amstrad have yet again pioneered the use of convex screens that bring a better viewing experience for people sat in the 1980s.” Amstrad spokesperson Simon Williams explained, “With our incredible 3D touchscreen-like control mechanism – or channel knob as our techies call it – you can select from any one of six channels by simply rotating the dial until something appears on-screen.” “The new television will offer 6 entirely accessible channels, all viewable in sequence once it warms up a bit.” “No, it doesn’t have Netflix.” Early demos of the system have left reporters excited about the potential market amongst hipsters. As one technology analyst explained, “The aesthetic of the supporting wooden case will compliment even the most discerning hipster, offering a true retro feel whilst embracing genuine 1970s technology.” Williams concluded, “We’ve also introduced what we’re calling the ‘percussive diagnostic system’ – a feature which aims to improve the picture when you bang on the side of the wooden box.” “We think hardcore gamers and the iPad generation will really appreciate this feature, and we wouldn’t be surprised to see Apple have a ‘bang to reboot’ option on their next model.”Homophobic iPad owners furious at Tim Cook for making things they love
Homophobic iPad and iPhone owners have reacted to the news that Apple CEO Tim Cook is gay by angrily punching messages of hate into a device they absolutely love. The Apple CEO came out in an essay for Bloomberg Businessweek in the hope it might inspire others in a minority to aspire to greater things, and to ruin the day of tech-savvy homophobes everywhere. As a result of the announcement, homophobic technology users across the world have been left confused and angry Cook’s sexual preference. Homophobe Simon Williams said, “I love my iPad, but I hate the gays. So I’m writing angrily on social media into this thing I love about these people I hate.” “But I can only hate them online, which I love doing, because the people I hate made this thing I love. Which I hate.” “Look, now my brain hurts.” “Probably because my iPhone is trying to push gay brain rays into my 100% straight head. I bet that’s what he’s been up to all this time!” Other homophobes have said they will readily take their business to another mobile platform, just as soon another platform is willing to confirm that they do not employ any ‘filthy homosexuals’. Dave Matthews, who would like it known is ‘100% into chicks’, told us, “Gays should stick to making things like dresses and wallpaper, not brilliant consumer technology – it’s not right, not according to the Bible” “I tell you now, I’ll go to Android tomorrow – if Google can just quickly announce there are no gays whatsoever amongst their employees. Not one.” “Hell, I’m so angry right now I’d even consider moving to Windows mobile, but they had all better be super straight over in Seattle.”Switch to Google+, Farage urges UKIP activists
Following a string of social media controversies involving UKIP campaigners, Nigel Farage has urged supporters to switch to the ‘up and coming’ social network, Google+. In an e-mail to campaigners, he claimed that moving to the search giant’s platform would definitely help them “reach a much wider audience”. “If you’re looking to air any opinions about homosexuality or ethnic minority comedians, Google+ is, without a doubt, the best place for you to do so”, Farage wrote. UKIP supporter Simon Williams told us he would be making the switch immediately. He explained, “I’ve got quite a lot of things to say about the Muslims, gays and blacks – and the gay black muslim immigrants coming from the EU.” “Nigel has assured me that on Google+ I’ll finally get my chance to shake up the establishment.” The suggestion by the UKIP leadership  is making waves in the tech world. Social media analyst Mark Shoreditch said, “What Google+ lacks in popularity it more than makes up for with functionality.” “Multiple UKIP-ers will be able to join a ‘hangout’ in which they can discuss whether or not women should be allowed to work.” Farage also suggested campaigners consider making use of MySpace, which he claimed was “increasingly popular with young people”. With just weeks before the European elections, UKIP is facing increasing scrutiny for the social media activity of its supporters. Of his own campaigning efforts, Farage said, “Of course, I’ll still use Twitter. But then, I’m stuck in my ways. Other UKIP-ers should devote their efforts exclusively to Google+.” “It really is the future.”Doctors criticised for not treating Nelson Mandela with Facebook photo sharing
Nelson Mandela could still be alive if only his doctors had requested enough Likes of his photo on Facebook, according social media users this morning. Mandela passed away on Friday after a long battle with illness, much to the dismay of many Facebook users who believe he could have been saved had they been given the opportunity to ‘Like’ his photo. Facebook user Simon Williams told us, “Medical research papers are littered with examples of sick children who were saved thanks to the power of Facebook photo sharing, so I don’t know why they didn’t try it with Mr Mandela?” “Only this week I shared a photo of a child with tubes coming out of her nose because the text on the image said doctors would save her if it got 10,000 likes.” “I mean, this was a kid no-one even knows, so you would think doctors could have got millions of likes of a photo of Nelson Mandela with tubes coming out of his nose.” “I bet his family will be furious when they realise he could still be with us today if only they’d been bothered to get a decent photo of him looking really sick.” Medical experts have warned that morons believing the sharing of photos on Facebook makes any difference whatsoever to the well-being of those pictured, is undermining legitimate medical research. As one medical researcher explained, “Only yesterday one of our charity campaigners was told they couldn’t have any money, but that the person in question would donate five likes of any photo they wanted.” “Let me be very clear, sharing a photo of a sick child is about as helpful as praying for them.” “Sure, it might make you feel better, but if you want to actually be of practical help, why not donate some real money to medical research in that area?” “Thought not.”Scientists Discover Shocking Truth About Weight-Loss Pills
Researchers from the Oregon University revealed a shocking truth on a yesterday’s press conference. Doctor Maria Vega and her team of researchers spend four years conducting an extensive study on more than one hundred different weight loss pills, which included laboratory tests, tests on animals such as rats and monkeys, and tests on human volunteers.“We know this is going to be a shocking news for many people,” said Vega at a conference. “but our research showed without any doubt that weight loss pills have no results on a human volunteers.” According to Dr. Vega, initial results were promising. Laboratory results and tests on the rats were showing good results, and the animals were actually losing weight just by being fed low-calorie diets and given multiple fat-burning pills available in drug stores across the country. When they started to conduct tests on humans, though, everything went the other direction.“We instructed our volunteers to go on a low calorie diet and start to exercise when they take the pills, just as they recommend on the packages,” Vega stated. “It worked great on rats, but in humans, the results were not good. In fact, they were the opposite.”When a journalist asked about people losing weight if they ate less and exercised even without the weight loss pills, Vega answered that was not a goal of this study. “Our study was focused on a weight loss pills, and no other ways to lose weight. I don’t know why were rats losing weight,” she said. “People, though, were actually gaining weight in some cases while on the pills. Clearly, these pills are a marketing ploy. We have skinny rats, and fat people on these drugs right now.”Following the press conference, the stock market experienced significant fluctuations – several major weight loss pill producers, as well as pharmaceutical companies saw their stocks value fall, and the CEO of one of the major manufacturers of diet pills is naturally furious. “We are going to do two things,” said the CEO, who spoke anonymously. “We will sue those so-called scientists, and we will order an independent study to prove our pills do have results. The good kind, I mean. Not the fattening kind.”“I don’t know what to do,” said Marlene Jacobs, 290lbs, of Concord, Massachusetts. “I use at least two dozen different pills and I am still looking for the right one, but how am I supposed to lose weight if they don’t work? They want me to stop eating or something? This is ridiculous! They’re liars, and should be forced to prove their pills are miracles before calling them that!”New smart wristband ‘detects bullshit claims made by smart wristbands’
A new smart wristband has gone on to the market that claims to detect bullshit claims made by other smart wristbands. “I noticed an awful lot of claims made by new smart wristbands were bullshit,” said inventor John Greene. “There are smart wristbands that claim to track your calorie intake, monitor the quality of your sleep, make you a more considerate lover, defeat evil, let you fly.” “Consumers need a device to alert them to these bullshit claims, and what better device than a smart wristband.” The smart wristband is a simple plain black wristband that will discreetly vibrate when it detects bullshit smart wristband claims. Tech fans were excited by the announcement “A new smart wristband?” exclaimed geek Simon Williams. “Brilliant, that’ll go with my google glasses, fitbit charge, pebble watch, smart wig, smart shoes and smart bra.” “Obviously, I only bought the smart bra as a collector’s piece. I hardly ever wear it.” The model we received to test seemed to be malfunctioning as the only smart wristband in the vicinity was the test unit itself, yet when we switched it on it vibrated anyway. The device is due on the market soon and is expected to cost an awful lot more than you’d imagine.Cameron porn block plans in disarray as 100% of homes ‘opt-in’
Everyone has said they would like access to online pornography, scuppering David Cameron’s plans to make such content available only to people who say they want it. The Prime Minister is expected to outline plans today for online pornography to be made available only in homes that ‘opt-in’ to such content, seemingly unaware that everyone has already done so. Internet user Simon Williams told us, “The moment I hear there was a plan for opt-in, I put my hand in the air.  Not that one, that one was busy.” “If the government is somehow under the impression that this nation’s secret perverts will too ashamed to opt-in to get access to their porn fix, then they can expect to be sorely mistaken.” “Trust me, I, and millions like me would double opt-in if it meant we got access to the really good stuff.” “If David Cameron thought this would work, then I can only suspect that he is being advised on his Internet policy by my nan.” The government has spoken of its disappointment at the 100% opt-in rate, explaining they thought there might be one or two homes that chose not to. A spokesperson explained, “The mistake we have made is underestimating how thoroughly depraved the general public is, and how tedious masturbation can actually be without access to a myriad of online filth to occupy the mind.” Online decency campaigner Sheila Matthews said, “This new government plan is important because it will keep the minds of our young people pure, and we need to protect the most vulnerable in society from materials that could corrupt their young minds.” “Yes, my husband has already opted in, but that’s not the point.”Windows 8 to reintroduce annoying paperclip ‘helper’
Microsoft has announced that the release of Windows 8.1 will see the return of the useful paper clip helper which took centre stage in so many previous versions. Critics of Windows 8 said the new metro interface made it difficult to complete what had previously been simple tasks, an issue which Microsoft say has been addressed by the return of ‘Clippy’. A Microsoft spokesperson explained, “Clippy will look at what you’re doing on screen, and also listen to the expletives you’re uttering, before recommending a course of action.” “For example, simply saying ‘how do I turn this useless pile of shit off?!’ would prompt Clippy to show you the hidden ‘off’ button that we’ve made ridiculously difficult to find.” “He will also ask you if you’re trying to write a letter whenever you open a non-Microsoft browser. That’s just a bit of fun we decided to have.” Technology analysts have said that the reintroduction of Clippy is exactly what was needed, when the alternative was just to make a simpler interface for their operating system. Analyst Simon Williams told us, “When the option for a company like Microsoft is to add an annoying helper to an overly-complicated interface, or to just make the interface simpler, then there really is no choice at all.”Local community unites in condemnation as boy launches bottle rocket
13 year-old Kyle Bullock has defied several warnings and successfully launched a bottle rocket into a nearby allotment. The rocket, launched yesterday at 15:49 GMT appears to have followed its planned trajectory, before causing an estimated £9 worth of damage to a shed and startling a cat. Bullock confirmed a model rocket using water as its reaction mass was launched; allotment plot holders confirmed an empty Coca-Cola bottle with fins and a cone had been found in a wheelbarrow. A community meeting held in June 2009 banned Bullock from experimenting with Isaac Newton’s third law of motion after a failed test in which a bottle ruptured and soaked his neighbours washing. Allotment users called it a “highly provocative act”, while the chairman of the local residents association said that Bullock needed a “clip round the ear”, before going on to lament the end of national service. Residents have called for an emergency meeting to discuss what action should be taken. Reports suggested this could take place in the church hall later on today, causing the cancellation of a bi-monthly Pilates class. Bullock’s parents described the rocket launch as “regrettable”, and “another example of Kyle’s irresponsible behaviour”. “I’m at the end of my tether,” revealed Mrs Bullock. “I’ve threatened to stop his pocket-money, I’ve threatened to stop a number of things, but he just won’t listen.” Allotment plot holder Harry Rowley insisted action needs to be taken quickly amid fears that Bullock could be working towards a rocket on which a metal cone could be mounted. “If he develops the capability to attach a metal cone then community gardening as we know it could be wiped out,” he warned. Bullock denied that he was developing rockets that could strike structures that provide greater control over the growing environment of plants, and accused local residents of provocation. “Those in greenhouses shouldn’t throw stones,” he said.Voyager 1 now worried it left the gas on
Voyager 1 has celebrated leaving the solar system with a panicked radio message asking if someone could check the gas hob at its home. Almost 36 years after leaving home , the craft has left the gravitational influence of the Sun before realising it needed to pop back home quickly. The radio transmission from Voyager 1 said, “I first thought there was something I’d forgotten when I went past Mars.  But by the time I reached Neptune I was pretty sure it was just cancelling the milk.” “But Christ almighty now all I can think of is the hob. What if the place has blown up? “Or worse still, what if I’ve got 36 years worth of gas bills waiting for me.  Those debt collectors can find you anywhere, even beyond the heliosphere.” “I bet by now the average gas bill is over ten pounds a year, right?” Now just over 6.3 billion miles from earth, Voyager admitted it would be more than a bit inconvenient to turn around and check. The transmission continued, “It’s a long way, but to be honest I’m not sure I’ll be able to relax on the rest of the trip if I don’t know for sure that the hob is off.” “Look, if NASA wants me to focus on looking at the bleakness of inter-stellar space, then I probably need to turn back now.” “Put the kettle on, I’ll be back in 2049.”NSA delighted by people voluntarily giving fingerprints to computers
The NSA has welcomed Apple adding fingerprint scanners to their devices, saying it will really add depth to their illegally obtained database of information about you. The fingerprint scanner introduced by Apple will store your fingerprint on a secure chip inside the device, which as we speak NSA operatives and other covert intelligent services are attempting to hack. An NSA insider told us, “There are literally hundreds of millions of people out there about whom we have no biometric data – this will change everything.” “We already know who you call, email and transact with – but now we’ll be able to find you an entirely new way, too!” “It would be useful if Samsung could develop a nice mobile friendly DNA scanner, that would really complete the set.” Privacy campaigners have already insisted that people voluntarily giving their fingerprints to an Internet connected device to save typing in four numbers deserve to have the biometric data held by any government that wants it. As one told us, “Seriously, we want to campaign for the privacy of the individual – but if you can’t see why this is a bad idea, then you’re beyond our help.” “But if you don’t see an issue with it, why not just cut out the middle-man and volunteer your fingerprints to the local police?” “It’s £700 cheaper.”John Terry to test drive lab-grown vaginas
Former England captain and occasional racist John Terry has claimed he should have ‘first go’ on pioneering synthetic minges, it has emerged. The vaginas, which originate from stem cells, have been implanted into a ‘control group’ of four US women who have little or no knowledge of the English Premier League. Terry, meanwhile, has promised each of the women a tour of Chelsea’s training facilities followed by dinner at a ‘classy’ West End restaurant. Initial studies have been positive with normal levels of lubrication and arousal reported when the subjects listened to Barry White’s ‘Can’t Get Enough’. However the Chelsea talisman was initially reluctant to take part in the first bouts of coitus after discovering that none of the women were in an existing relationship. A pilot study has already taken place, although Terry was later reprimanded after bringing three team-mates and a camcorder into the laboratory. Vagina recipient Many Winters said, “John was the perfect gentleman, if a perfect gentleman is defined as someone who frequently resorts to coarse and abusive language in order to maintain an erection.” A second recipient, Simone Williams, has since received treatment for PTSD after a five-second exposure to Terry’s ‘happy face’. Dr Anthony Atala, director of the Institute for Regenerative Medicine told us, “All appears to be well with our initial tests, though results indicate that John has given these vaginas quite a hammering.” “The only real trouble we’ve had is telling the cunts apart.”No, give the government the fake details, advises Facebook official
A senior Facebook official has sparked anger by advising internet users to give fake details to the Government to protect their liberty. Andy Smith, an internet security consultant at Facebook, said people should only give accurate details to trusted organisations, explicitly excluding anything with the word ‘government’ in its title. He said names and addresses given to governments “can be used against you” by departments seeking tax revenue and to control your life in ever more invasive ways. “Who do you want to have the real details about your life – that lad Mike you used to sit next to at school, or George Osborne.” “Wouldn’t it better for all concerned if the Chancellor thought you were a middle-aged woman with a part-time job in a ceramics factory somewhere in the north?” The government has criticised the advice, claiming that they are the only people you should trust with private information, and that they hardly ever lose it or let it get into the wrong hands. A Whitehall spokesperson explained, “It’s really important that your friendly neighbourhood MP has all of the details of your life at their fingertips.” “How else can we keep track of you when we want to take money from you, or stop giving you the money you’re getting.” “If anything, you should give Facebook the fake details.” Facebook’s Andy Smithy countered, “We tried letting people use fake details, but it seemed everyone wanted to be an 18 year-old boy looking to meet a cute 18-year-old girl.”£1500 Google Glass to finally end myth that people in glasses are ‘clever’
As Google Glass prepares for a public release, the £1500 price tag has ensured the common perception that people wearing glasses are ‘clever’ is finally over. With fans of the wearable tech lining up to batter their credit cards in order to be seen in public talking to their spectacles, many observers have said that glasses might become the new ‘bib’. Tech reporters Simon Williams told us, “In the same way that a grown adult wearing a bib in public would be assumed to have certain ‘challenges’, the same will ultimately be thought of about Google Glass wearers.” “They will become used to sympathetic glances from passers-by, as those around them realise they must be incredibly, shockingly, stupid. And at least £1500 poorer.” “It’s like a massive sign on your face saying ‘I have more money than sense’, or ‘I am too stupid to do sums’.” Another told us, “I feel a bit sorry for the people buying Google Glass to be honest.” “I don’t see how Google charging simpletons £1500 for their latest gadget is any different from payday lenders charging simpletons a 1000% interest rate on their loans – it’s just exploitation of the feeble-minded by another name.” Google fan Shane Matthews took part in the Glass trial earlier this year, and said he’d noticed a definite change in the public’s attitude to him since the price of the device was released. He told us, “Whereas people were previously wary of me recording them, or would ask exactly what I was doing with it, now they just tilt their heads to the side and say things like ‘you poor baby’, and maybe pat me on my head.” “It’s fine though, I still think I look cool, and I quite like beans for dinner every night.”Bitstrip you even more annoying than real you, facebook users warned
The Bitstrip character you created of yourself is even more annoying than the real you, Facebook users have been warned today. As Facebook news feeds begin to creake due to the volume of comics from people they vaguely know, experts have predicted than an amusing one could be created any time soon. Social media analyst Simon Williams explained, “Do you as a Facebook user make your living creating amusing comic strips about the minutiae of your daily life?” “No? Then you’re probably not very good at it, are you? So why subject your friends to an endless stream of them?” “What Facebook users need to understand is that the person most amused by any single Bitstrip, is the person who created that Bitstrip.” “So really, the best way to enjoy Bitstrips is to keep them to yourself and enjoy them privately somewhere where your self-congratulatory laughter can only be heard by you.” “Like suring toilet breaks perhaps?” Bitstrips users have defended the tool, claiming that a comic of an inside joke between them and their partner is a great way to please their loosely connected friends online. Sharon Jones told us, “I’ve got this one great comic where my husband is eating beans and I say ‘all gone then?’ – it’s hilarious.” “No, I guess it’s not that funny if you don’t get the inside joke, but trust me, it’s actually really hilarious so I will definitely keep sharing them.” “Plus I’ve made myself look a lot slimmer as a Bitstrip, so I prefer using these to actual photographs.”Apple to Release Screenless Macbook That Projects Visuals Directly Into User’s Brain
Since CEO Tim Cook took on leadership roles at the company, fans of Apple have been underwhelmed by their new releases and updates. Critics constantly point out that little has changed in the smartphone market since the iPhone 4, and the Macbook has remained at the level of “just good.”“Steve Jobs used to take flawless devices and make them better,” tech blogger, Robert Hobbes wrote. “But since 2011, we’ve been bored with gadgets that offer everything we could have wished for and more – will the next unimaginable novelty ever be released?”Current Apple CEO, Tim Cook, answered that question today with a resounding yes. Cook was always going to have a hard time following the Jobs era, but his stock hit an embarrassing low after his cringeworthy excitement at the launch of the rather milquetoast Apple Watch. Now, however, he has come up with the next piece of technology to change the world.“I have created the first screenless laptop!” he announced, the maniacal gleam in his eyes rivalling his predecessors greatest moments. The crowd roared in unison. “The public will never have to stare at a screen again. With the release of the Macbook ThinAir, the way we look at technology – or rather the way we don’t look at technology – will change forever.”Apple’s website explained exactly how the product will work.“The most advanced screenless technology to date is here,” it read. “The new Macbook ThinAir – named for the feature that the screen is made entirely of air which has been chemically depleted to be as lightweight as possible – will project the image straight from the processor into the user’s brain. The advantages of this new technology are far reaching. The average citizen will never have to use his or her eyes again. Instead, the Macbook will project visuals of the 360 surroundings of the individual, on which the content of the processor will be overlayed. Sounds and scents will be transmitted in the same way, making three of the five human senses superfluous.”The Macbook ThinAir looks very much like the current Macbooks, except the screen area is just solid metal. In place of the standard webcam is the sensor that will input images directly into the brain of the user. ThinAir is expected to launch by the end of the year, with a price of $5000. A mouse will be available for purchase for $3000. A constant supply of $500 batteries will also reportedly be needed to retain clear eyesight, hearing and smell. Batteries, like all Apple products, will be aesthetically pleasing, available only from Apple, and will only ever be sold in single packs, with no discounts for bulk quantities.Microsoft deny making ‘panic decisions’ at launch of tongue-controlled Windows 9
Microsoft has admitted that Windows 8 caused a 25% drop in sales, but denied that ‘panic’ had influenced their decision to hurriedly launch a new tablet controlled by tongue. “While we’ve not done any research yet, we’re pretty sure people are bored with using their thumbs”, insisted Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer. “People can develop a really personal relationship with their gadgets, and sometimes fingering just isn’t enough to satisfy that.” Using a new advanced name for glass that responds to inputs made by saliva, Windows 9 has left fanboys drooling to be the first to get their mouths on the device. Critics gave a mixed response when given the chance to test out a prototype, although some may have been influenced by what the previous reviewer had eaten recently, or how well they brushed their teeth. “It’s nice to find a device that lets you keep your hands free for something else”, acknowledged Kyle Norman of windowlickers.net. “But the faint taste of prawn vol-au-vent and garlic bread definitely needs further work.” Keen to justify the radical new input method at the glitzy NY launch, Steve Ballmer appeared to be struggling as he attempted to french-open a new window. “Come on you bitch, give it to me”, Ballmer was heard to mutter, as his tongue flirted with the integral micro USB slot. But he eventually managed to kiss it better, and explain that the product was dishwasher-proof. Despite the setbacks, Norman still predicts Windows 9 will be flavour of the month. “Why settle for a half-eaten apple on the back, when you could be licking cake crumbs off the front?”, quizzed Norman. “Besides, it’s much easier to control than Windows 8: that was designed for assholes.”Audi owners claim new AEB brakes ‘will let us drive even closer to you’
Audi owners have insisted that widespread adoption of autonomous emergency braking (AEB) would allow them to drive even closer to your rear bumper. With petitions from concerned road users calling on the system to be mandatory on all new vehicles, Audi owners have said that anything which allows them to reduce the distance to the car in front should be ’roundly welcomed’. Audi owner Simon Williams told us, “We all know that the so-called ‘congested’ major roads are basically just empty space.” “I often look at the gap between two cars on the motorway and think, ‘you could get a couple of A4s in there easily’. People don’t know how to make the most of the roads they’re driving on.” “But apparently this technology will let the car worry about braking when the car in front does, so you can focus on getting as close as is humanly possible.” “If everyone drove like me everything would run a lot smoother, and there would be less congestion. I guarantee it.” “AEB sounds like a welcome innovation if you ask me.” Road users have welcomed the call for better safety measures in new cars, and asked if there was a way to prevent arseholes from abusing them. Car owner Shannon Jones told us, “If we want to make the roads safer, then how about we just make all Audi owners take a test every year?” “Or better still, make them like tractors and only let them on the roads during off-peak hours?”#IceBucketChallenge is stupid, claims man without any nominations yet
The viral #IceBucketChallenge is a stupid idea and makes you all look like morons, according to a man yet to single receive a nomination this morning. Simon Williams spoke of his disdain for the practise of pouring ice-cold water of your head, claiming it was just a chance for people to show off, rather than give money to charity. He told us, “My Facebook feed is absolutely full of people doing this – it seems like everyone is having a go, well almost everyone. It’s stupid. I wouldn’t do it, even if you challenged me, which you haven’t.” “We’ve got people in wetsuits, flippers, with wheelie bins of water – they’ve all lost sight of the real reason for it in the first place.” “I’ll still be donating – even though I haven’t done the challenge – because I’m a good person.” “I don’t need someone to pick me out from their list of friends as the sort of ‘fun’ person who would do this, in order to give a charity a few quid.” “Just because I’m pretty much the only person I know who hasn’t been challenged doesn’t make me a loser, it makes me sensible.” “Oh, hang on, someone’s just challenged me – you haven’t got a bucket handy have you?” If you want to donate – some suggested options for you: If you want to donate – some suggested options for you: Text “WATER” to 70007 to give £3 to WaterAid UK Text “ICE” to 70550 to give £3 to Macmilliam Cancer Centres Text “ICED55 £3″ to 70070 to give £3 to the Motor Neurone Disease AssociationFacebook launches new reason to stop using Facebook
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has unveiled the latest reason for users to leave the social networking site, with the launch of a new search facility which allows account holders to conduct free text searches on their ‘friends.’ Zuckerberg insisted the move was not to place Facebook in direct competition with Google, as unlike the search engine, it would mainly only return self-important proclamations from people with more time on their hands than a Rolex watch model. Speaking at an event at Facebook’s headquarters in California, he told gathered journalists, “Some might argue, there is nothing social about trawling through the finer details of the goings on in the lives of your moronic online friends.” “Others may suggest that enabling others to search such things as ‘friends interested in anal sex in the Australian outback’ is an infringement, and tantamount to stalking.” “And they’d both be right.” “But then when have we ever cared about a user’s privacy?” Zuckerberg went on, “Concerns about privacy are for those who don’t really have much to shout about.” “A bit like Facebook users, really.” Former Facebook fan, Sheila Mount, said she would be closing her account with immediate effect. “This is the online equivalent of peeping through the curtain of someone’s bedroom, and reaching in and grabbing a pair of smalls from the bottom drawer for inspection.” However not all users said the new feature was a bad thing.  Simon Williams told us, “I can search for all the single friends of my ex-girlfriend within a 10 mile radius.” “Revenge will be mine, oh yes, it will be mine!”Jeff Bezos buys Washington Post after clicking ‘you might also like’ Amazon link
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has explained that his surprising purchase of the Washington Post was the result of clicking on a link suggesting he might like it after buying a book about newspapers. Bezos paid $250m for the former newspaper giant, which has been struggling in recent years to adapt its business to accommodate the fact that the Internet is a real thing now. The new owner of one of America’s most prestigious papers told reporters, “I’d just bought a book about the history of newspapers in America, when the Amazon algorithm said I might also like to purchase the Washington Post.” “Apparently it’s been in Rupert Murdoch’s wishlist for a while now.” “So I put it in my basket, and then thought ‘what the hell’. I had a spare quarter of a billion lying around anyway.” “That’s the thing about Amazon, it always seems to know exactly what the consumer wants. Well, right after they have bought it.” Analysts have predicted that the use of the Amazon algorithm at the Post could revive the fortunes of the ailing brand. As one explained, “There are a few teething issues though, only this morning there was some print at the bottom of a Washington Post story saying I might also like USA Today.” “And it was right.”Homophobes admit defeat in face of overwhelming Facebook profile photos
Homophobia has been eliminated, according to reports, after the movement admitted it couldn’t face looking at another pink equal sign on Facebook. Despite two millennia of well-established abhorrent opinions and the backing of religious orders around the world, a Facebook news feed full of revised profile pictures has seen off a movement millions have called ‘outdated bigotry’. As one former homophobe explained, “I used to think gays were disgusting beings destined for an eternity in a fiery Hell, but then a I saw a new profile photo from a guy that I follow on Twitter.” “It made me think, ‘pink equals… hmm, equality for all!’ – I guess I’ll just have to embrace the gays now. Metaphorically speaking.” However there are still a few small pockets of raging homophobes clinging to their oudated world view. Homophobe Simon Williams told us, “You gay rights people talk about intolerance, but look how intolerant you are of my hateful bigoted opinions.” “Why can’t you just accept me for the spiteful close-minded person that I am? This claim of intolerance is the height of hypocrisy if you ask me.” “Oh, what’s that? You’re changing your Twitter profile photo to a pink equal sign? Well, I guess your point is now valid.”Royal Mail urges people to change house numbers after data breach
The UK’s Information Commissioner is today investigating a massive data theft of names and addresses from a Royal Mail facility in Slough. The data breach is said to be restricted to ‘only’ 2-3 million UK residents, although the full extent of the breach is not yet known. “I can confirm that last night a directory was removed from our secure data facility in Slough,” said Royal Mail’s Head of Letters and Numbers. “The paper directory, sometimes known as a ‘phone book’ contained millions of names and addresses in unencrypted format.” “We apologise unreservedly for this breach, and we’re recommending people immediately change their house numbers to something more complicated, using a mixture of upper and lower-case numbers, then re-paint them on the front of their houses.” “The problem is that most people still use the house numbers they were given when they first moved in,” says Post Operative Simon Williams. “Some of the really obvious numbers, like ‘1’ are just asking to be hacked if you ask me.” “It’s just laziness,” he continues. “People think just because they’ve never had their house number stolen it can’t happen to them.” “Personally I change my house number every six months.” Number %0! Downing Street refused to comment, saying it was a matter for the relevant authorities.Microsoft unveils new way for PCs to make you cry
The latest version of Microsoft’s flagship product, Windows 10, was released today introducing millions of PC users to unprecedented levels of tear-inducing frustration. There are a great many changes to the operating system, which has already been described by one analyst as “the cherry on the top of the steaming turd that was Windows 8″. As with all eagerly anticipated previous Microsoft releases, early adopters are expected to be reaching for the vodka and Valium by mid-morning tomorrow. Those users who installed the beta release – and are not currently sectioned in a mental health facility for their own safety – have been keen to share their experiences. “I swear to God this machine is possessed by the Devil himself,” said one Windows 10 beta user. “The black hole of despair engulfing my soul gets bigger with each and every fucking update it forces me to install.” “It does have one nice feature though – if you have a busy desktop, you can click on an unresponsive window, pick up and shake your monitor, and then drop if from an open window, which makes all of the pain go away. I liked that.” Microsoft have been bullish about the anticipated reception of Windows 10, and have taken steps to ensure the release goes smoothly. “They said after the release of Windows 8.1 that we couldn’t polish a turd,” said on Windows 10 programmer. “Well, we’ve not only polished it, we’ve given it a sequined jumpsuit, stuck a cocktail umbrella in the top and taught it some show tunes – it really is something else.” Microsoft help desks the world over are preparing for record number of callers who will downloaded the technical preview later this week. As spokesperson explained, “In preparation for the launch we have teams of specially trained grief counsellors ready and waiting for the inevitable deluge of weeping customers.” “We expect that by Thursday morning we’ll have the first bawling callers who just want to ‘connect to the fucking internet’.” “By Friday we’re expecting our first Windows 10 Business users to be crying to us over their inability to ‘just print this goddam shitting email out’.” “We’ve worked tirelessly to introduce a series of automated Help facilities which on the surface appear to be working for you, but in reality are just driving you ever further from a solution and closer to the point where you will want to kill everything within twenty feet of you.” “It’s going to be a fun week!”Dyson launches Marilyn Monroe bidet
Sir James Dyson has released a bidet that will whip up a storm in even the smallest bathroom, and send shivers through competitors and customers alike. The Marilyn Monroe MingeBlade combines over 40 bar of water pressure with the fan motor from an old Red Arrows jet, guaranteeing a ‘monsoon of freshness’ that even the fustiest of housewife would struggle to claw her way from in a desperate bid for survival. “Finding new markets for our powerful wind and industrial hoses is always a challenge”, revealed Sir James Dyson. “But we realised we’d been thinking ‘outside the box’, when we should have been focusing more of our attention in it.” Many have tried to recreate the iconic image of Marilyn Monroe having her frock blown up by an air vent, but few have focused so much engineering into lifting the average woman four-foot from the ground. “A skimpy ballgown is no match for our patented cyclone technology”, explained the windy wizard. “The MingeBlade can blow off stout hessian trousers, or imbed a pair of stilettos in the ceiling.” With temperature settings ranging from ‘Some Like it Hot’ to ‘LA Morgue’ and a maximum comfort wash with the force of Niagara, no woman need suffer from Seven Year Itch again. Sir James is justly proud of his highly-directional blasts, and hopes high-pressure sales will overcome the £1,000 price tag. It’s not just feminine hygiene that stands to benefit though, and the inventor revealed one more trick up its leisure pant. “Cleaning needn’t be a chore and the MingeBlade puts the fun back in front bottoms”, he insisted. “If you stand just right and carefully alter the flaps, you can get it to whistle ‘Happy Birthday’.”Microsoft’s Windows 9 development team pretty sure there’s been a mistake
No-one at Microsoft’s HQ in Redmond Virginia has had the heart to tell the team of developers working on Windows 9 that they have been skipped altogether. The team itself is still busily working on a version of the Windows operating system that they believe will be launched any day now. Lead Windows 9 developer Simon Williams told us, “I’m sure all this stuff about Windows 10 is just a smokescreen – I mean, who goes from 8 to 10? No-one sensible, that’s who.” “All fifty of us here in the team have been working on Windows 9 since we were asked to leave our respective teams due to ‘creative differences’.” “We see ourselves as the mavericks of Microsoft – no, not Mavericks like Mac OS. The other sort. Free thinkers, creatives. You know the sort.” “They even gave us our own building well away from the main campus to try to keep Windows 9 on the down low.” “We’re actually above a Pizza shop in Redmond, you wouldn’t know it was a key Microsoft development office to look at it.” “You’re going to love what we’ve done. Especially the facelift for our friend ‘clippy’.” A senior Microsoft spokesperson at the launch of Windows 10 explained, “Yes, I suppose to the untrained eye it looks like what we’re doing to these developers is a little cruel.” “But it was cheaper than firing them.”Severe Tree Shortage Means U.S. Forest Service Layoffs
A nationwide tree shortage has resulted in severe cutbacks to employees of the US Forest Service.“With fewer trees, we require fewer personnel,” said Charles Conifer, Forest Service Ranger.  “I never thought things would come to this.  We were never really affected by the bad economy, but this is something else, this is Mother Nature’s doing, we think.”Changing weather patterns affect growth cycles. Some varieties of trees adapt better to changing environmental conditions, while other trees have a built-in “time clock.”  Could the answer be tied in with the devastation that bee colonies have recently suffered?Tree pollination expert Dr. Ahthea Thoone spoke at a US Forest Service luncheon last week and presented her ideas on bee colony decline and how it relates to the tree shortage crisis.  “The ratio of bee colony failure coincides with the loss of trees across the northern hemisphere,” said Thoone. “I also wouldn’t rule out hoarding; that is, squirrels and other forest inhabitants securing pine cones and seeds, in reaction to their environment being taken over by land development.  The data is fascinating,” she added.The destructive force of nature also plays a part.  During 2014 in California alone, over 1,400 forest fires broke out, with some wildfires larger than 50,000 acres in size.  The Santa Ana Winds, nicknamed “devil winds,” fan wildfires along California’s coast, mostly during autumn and winter. When those resulting fires burn out or are extinguished, what’s left is a barren landscape, and fewer trees to take care of.It takes about 6 years to grow a tree 8 feet tall,” said Conifer, “and during that time there’s not a lot to do but sit around and wait.  We had to let people go. I couldn’t keep people on the payroll idly waiting for a forest to be repopulated,” he said.Ironically, some of the forest personnel who lost their jobs became homeless and resorted to living in the same woods they once patrolled.  “Hopefully, the cycle soon will be broken, and tree growth will return to acceptable levels. I know I certainly hope so,” said Conifer. “It’s a real tragedy. And I hate living out in the woods. They’re a nice place to patrol, but I really don’t want to live here.”Investigation uncovers children young as four being groomed for tech support
An vast number of children and young people are being groomed by adults to provide technical support on increasingly complex personal technology, a new investigation has revealed. Clara Baker runs HelpDesk, a charity for overworked youngsters, and led the investigation. She told us, “Anyone over 60 will struggle to operate even the most rudimentary electronic device.” “This means that in today’s society children are under constant pressure to help family and neighbours with their ill-advised technology purchases.” “We’ve had cases where children as young as four have been sent to programme a DVD recorder or turn off predictive text.” “The problem is especially bad in the UK, where there is only one child for every 50 pensioners.” A child who cannot be named for legal reasons told us, “My grandad bought the simplest phone there was. It’s basically just a CB radio handset.” “But he still needs me to work the buttons if he loses his glasses. I keep telling him that just pressing the screen harder won’t do anything. I haven’t had a night off in over a month.” Ms. Baker added, “The government needs to make forced child tech support a priority issue in the general election.” “And it wouldn’t hurt to add something to the National Curriculum so that children can learn that it’s OK to say ‘no’ to morons.”Facebook adds warnings to extremely tedious status updates
Facebook has begun adding warning messages to status updates on its site about food, photos of children and other content of an extremely tedious nature. The alert states: “Warning! This status update is EXTREMELY tedious and could seriously waste your time.” The move follows the social networks’ decision to allow users to post absolutely anything they want, including millions of posts containing the most mundane drivel ever conceived by mankind. Facebook user Simon Williams said the update had already affected his news feed, telling us, “All I can see is a series of boxes with the warning ‘The update you are about to read is incredibly boring, and may cause distress when you realise you’ve wasted part of your life reading it’.” “I’m not sure what Facebook is trying to tell me, I think perhaps that I need some new friends?” “I suppose I should be grateful to anything which helps filter out the unrelenting stream of tedious shite served up by the people I have for some reason chosen as ‘friends’.” Social media consultants have welcomed the update, insisting that anything which prevents you reading boring statuses is incredibly valuable, right up until the point that your own statuses are marked as boring. Networking Consultant Shane Walden-Smythe told us, “It’s a welcome update, for sure. But There are some problems with the Facebook algorithm at the moment.” “For some reason it mistakenly marked my update about the new sandwiches in the canteen as ‘tedious beyond belief’.” “But I’m sure they’ll iron out the bugs soon enough.”Claims that Michael Gove passed Turing Test ‘completely untrue’
Recent claims by the Conservative party that Michael Gove has passed the Turing test and is therefore a real human being have turned out to be ‘inaccurate’. Five politicians were tested at the Royal Society in central London to see if they could fool people into thinking they were humans during text-based conversations. Although two of them passed, the Secretary of State for Education Michael Gove failed comprehensively, achieving the lowest score since Bruce Forsyth was tested in 1986. The famous test, devised by computer science pioneer and second world war codebreaker Alan Turing, said that if a politician was indistinguishable from a human, then it was “thinking”. To pass the test 30% of human interrogators must be duped during a series of five-minute keyboard conversations. The final results, released by Professor Kevin Warwick, from the University of Reading, said that in conversations with Michael Gove, only 0.02% of respondents thought he was human, and even those suggested that he must be ‘some sort of idiot savant, but without the savant bits’. Several of the testers terminated the conversations with Gove early, citing irreconcilable differences of opinion and a ‘general distaste of everything he said and everything he stood for’. Computer Science student Tre Standford said, “It was uncanny. I have never wanted to punch a computer so much in my entire life.” “I mean, this was far worse than the Windows 8 launch. I really really wanted to kill him. Obviously he’s not real so I can say that.” David Cameron has urged caution, confirming that the national computing curriculum is changing this year anyway. “Michael will have a chance to re-take the test next year,” he confirmed, “when it’ll be much easier and moderated by unqualified teachers.” “We’re confident he’ll pass, and if he doesn’t, we can always try a software update.” “We’re aiming for at least a 40% human cabinet in 2015 and I’m fully committed to engineering the results we need to achieve that,” he concluded, before shutting himself down and folding himself into his own laptop bag.Thought powered helicopter ‘will not work’ for UKIP voters
A helicopter powered solely by the original thoughts of an individual will be completely inoperable by UKIP voters, it emerged today. Researchers for the Journal of Neural Engineering suggest the lack of grey matter at the disposal of UKIP’s followers left the device permanently grounded. Lead engineer, Simon Williams, said extensive testing showed a distinct shortfall in the level neural processes one would expect in rational thinking homo-sapiens. “The measures we took to confirm the results were quite extensive,” he told congregated reporters. “We gathered thirty people who told us they were voting for UKIP at the next general election and asked them to focus and create a single original thought between them in the hope of making the helicopter airborne.” “But they couldn’t so much as generate a single spin of the rotor.” “Well, until we told them the helicopter was going to take some immigrants ‘back where they came from’.” Williams went on to reveal how the change in tactics from the research team provided more favourable findings. “We mocked up a couple of dummy’s who could clearly be distinguished as ‘foreigners’ and placed them in the prototype helicopter and asked them once again to focus on raising it from the floor, and the results were astounding.” “The prototype was last seen somewhere over the Atlantic where we believe the UKIP voters ditched it into the ocean.”Instagram seeking morons to buy sepia-toned photo of your sandwich
Instagram would like to know if you’re interested in buying some strangely coloured photographs of people’s lunches, according to reports today. The photo service owned by Facebook has told users that it now owns all of those photos you took which showed why you never became an artist – and thinks there is a business model in there somewhere. Instagram spokesperson Simon Williams explained, “There is definitely a market in poorly framed photographs of food and tedious every day items, as long as you adjust the colour balance to make it look like you’ve left it in the sun for a couple of years.” “It’s just that we don’t know how to find that market.  I don’t suppose you want to buy some, do you?” Instagram users have been left outraged by the move after failing to realise that any Internet service you’re using for free automatically makes you the ‘product’ being sold. User Jayne Matthews told us, “I’m outraged. These photos of cheese sandwiches are mine and mine alone. I don’t want some global magazine company buying them and putting them on the front of Vogue or something.” “I might just go back to making 35mm slides of these sandwich photos which no-one will ever see – my friends said they’d quite like that, too.”Vine gives tedious morons new way to bore the shit out of their friends
Twitter’s new video app Vine, which allows users to record and share six-second clips, has generated a huge amount of interest in its first week of operation, mostly amongst morons who mistakenly believe that their lives are interesting. The app will let the sort of tedious tosspot who constantly shares photos of his children on Facebook, or tweets that he is going to the shops, post a short video clip of their incredibly dull lives. “This is a really exciting development for morons with access to smart phones.” said technology analyst Mark Baldwin. “Instead of boring the shit out of their friends with a photo of their lunch they can now take a short video of their lunch and bore the shit out of them with that instead.” “It has only been in operation for a week but we have already seen a huge rise in the number of very short videos of cats and sleeping babies, and unfortunately we fully expect that trend to continue.” Vine will also allow simpletons to use the various different settings on their camera phone in order to give their short clips a more ‘artistic’ feel. “Sepia videos, monochrome videos, negative videos, we expect to see them all from those morons who think that changing a setting on their phone makes them an artist.” continued Baldwin. “This could even rival Facebook-owned Instagram in the field of completely pointless shit.” “And for the more ambitious idiot out there you can even try your hand at stop-motion animation.” “Although you might have to do this with a dead cat because it can be difficult to convince a live one to do anything in tiny, almost imperceptible movements. You could try something other than a cat, but we don’t expect most people to.” A six second, black and white video of a Cardiff man taking a shit has already proved immensely popular on the site and has been installed as the early favourite to win the 2013 Turner Prize.Apple Watch owners to set clocks by when their watch runs out of battery
The new Apple Watch will run out of battery so often you’ll be able to set your watch by it, according to Apple sources this morning.  Following the official release of the expensive new ‘smart’ time piece, Apple insisted that a battery that lasts less than one full day is an important part of the essential new feature set. An Apple spokesperson said, “You know how sometimes you want to know what time it is, and you look at your watch to determine that time?” “Well the new Apple Watch will show you a permanent black screen when it’s the middle of the afternoon.” “Or 3:30pm, whichever way you want to look at it.” “It will also show a black screen for 4pm, 5pm and so on. Pretty much every time can be displayed using a blank black screen.” “Right up until the point you find somewhere to charge it again.” Experts have said that a watch that doesn’t even last a day could have a profound effect on the concept of time-keeping throughout society. Tech reviewer Simon Williams told us, “If Apple says that being able to telling the time at all points in the day isn’t that important, then it isn’t that important.” “Apple Watch could revolutionise society by making punctuality a thing of the past.  Which is nice, as it’s a trend I’ve been trying to cultivate for fifteen years.” “You know what they say, even a stopped Apple Watch is a tiny black reflective surface on your wrist for most of the day.” “Well they will say it, mark my words.”Facebook to acquire Catholic Church for $780billion
Facebook has announced it is to spend $780bn (£467bn) acquiring the Catholic Church in a surprise move that will see the Papal office relocated to California. The surprise deal, announced by Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg last night, will see an instant transfer of power from the Vatican to Facebook’s Californian offices when the sale goes through later this month. In a statement, Zuckerberg described the Catholic Church’s services as “excellent value” and said the Church’s 1.2 billion members made it a “logical partner for further growth”. Zuckerberg said: “After our success with acquisitions such as WhatsApp and Instagram, we realised the key to further growth is to find and buy those services whose users display the lowest capacity for independent thought.” “If they happen to have strong brand loyalty, all the better. The catholic church opens up huge opportunities for us.” The move will see the Pope reporting directly to 30-year-old Zuckerberg, while Vatican City will be dismantled and recreated on the outskirts of San Francisco. The merger will also see the introduction of an online confession service, in which Catholic Church members will be able to admit to their sins from the comfort of their own homes. Suggestions for penance will be provided by other users and then decided via an online voting forum, with an option to share your penance on Facebook. The Pope said, “While it may come as a shock to many that the Catholic Church is still operating in many civilised western societies, we are pleased to align ourselves with Facebook and extend our influence through social media.” “And if you ignore all the sodomy, San Francisco has many benefits over Rome,” he added.Facebook users feigning interesting lives left depressed by Facebook users feigning interesting lives
Facebook users who to pretend they have an interesting life are being left depressed by the posts of Facebook users pretending they have an interesting life. According to a study conducted by the University of Michigan, researchers found that frequently using Facebook can impact a person’s well-being, with those likely to believe the bullshit status updates of others at a higher risk of depression. Lead researcher, Hilary Mount, suggested users of the site would feel far better about themselves if they just realised that everyone tells lies on the Internet about how great they are. “Facebook users should remember that no-one posts photos of themselves looking awful, or about the terrible holiday they’ve just been on. Mainly because we’re all egomaniacal shits.” “Comparing yourself against the fictional existence some prick decided to post on Facebook is about as healthy as the average school dinner.” Mount went on to explain than the concept of people telling incredible lies about how brilliant they are is not a new social phenomenon. She went on, “It’s been like this for thousands of years, but until now you had to go and actually talk to some mendacious arsehole before they started lying through their teeth about how great they are.” “Your exposure to completely fabricated lives was limited to the people stood right in front of you at any point in time.” “But thanks to Facebook you can now consume these fabrications more easily than ever before. Lie after lie, bullshit after goddamn bullshit.  No wonder we’re all depressed.” “Unfortunately the only way to fix it is for people to start being honest online.” “So you’d better get use to it.”Obummer definitely NOT seeing "Red"
Mars One wants to send two dozen people to Mars, and Peter Felgentreff, 50, may well be one of them. For as long as he can remember, he's been "curious" about science, he gushes. His curiosity about what it would be like to live on Mars motivated him to compete for a seat aboard one of the spaceships Mars One plan to fire off, with four aboard, every other year, until the non-profit organization reaches its goal of sending 24 Earthlings to the Red Planet. His wife thinks Felgentreff may have another motive besides curiosity. "I'm curious about science, too," she whined, "but you don't see me traipsing off to Mars." Her husband, she says, is, at 50, experiencing "a mid-life crisis." Some men at this time of their lives chase women and have extramarital affairs, she added, but Felgentreff prefers to chase his dream of "colonizing another planet," which explains, she thinks, why he's become a "wannabe Martian." "No," Felgentreff insisted. "I'm just curios." "Curiosity killed the cat," his wife reminded him. "Yeah, but satisfaction brought him back." However, Mars One has been careful to explain to those who wish to make the journey, that "it's a one-way trip." Those who go aren't coming back. Ever. Unwilling to live and die on Mars, Mrs. Felgentreff says, "If he goes, he's leaving me behind." "That's another reason I'm going," Felgentreff quipped. Felgentreff is the vice-president of a start-up group in San Francisco. Stockholders, he admitted, are concerned about his relocating to Mars, and, even though the first flight won't happen until 2024, company stocks have already plummeted. However, Felgentreff believes they'll rise again. "What goes up must come down again, after all," he observed, "except in my case, of course." Mars One has narrowed the field of "wannabe Martians" from 100 to 24, and is no longer searching for "astronuts" (men and women whose desire to return to the stars from whence humanity came is strong enough to warrant its being called a "death wish--who else would trust their fate to a Dutch organization--and a non-profit one, at that?) Indeed, many of Mars One's astronuts have expressed suicidal thoughts. The travelers will depart, beginning in 2024, four by four, with a craft leaving every two years, so that, in the year 2036, all 24 will be on Mars. "I hope those who come later won't discover, upon their arrival, that their predecessors are dead," Felgentreff pouted, "especially if I'm one of the early birds." MIT Ph.D candidate Syd Do, says that such a scenario is "not only likely, but probable, since, currently, no technology is available that can sustain life on Mars." However, Felgentreff says he is not concerned by Do's "prophecy of doom and gloom." "Do is just a wet blanket," Felgentreff charged, "out to destroy our fun." Unfortunately, at this time, Prezident Obummer has announced that he is not curious enough to hitch a ride on a Mars One craft. After all, he has suspended most of NASA's space missions, and his bitter half, First Lady Michelle, said Obummer is not curious enough to risk his life to a Dutch organization--and a non-profit one, at that. For his part, though, Felgentreff remains hopeful that the prezident will change his mind and join the Mars One party. "With Prezident Obummer," he said, "things do get curioser and curioser all the time, after all."Wall, Ceiling Tiles Can Be ‘Scanned’ To Hear Past Conversations
Thanks to revolutionary 4D technology developed by Prof. Marlene Cavanaugh at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, there are no longer any secrets.Cavanaugh, Professor of Optical Sciences at MIT, uses a combination of electron microscopes and good old-fashioned catalog research to examine infinitesimal changes in fiber patterns within acoustic wall and ceiling tiles.  Her teams microscopically examine and compare new tiles against used tiles.  Depending upon the age, the depth of information revealed can reach back years, and in some cases, decades.“’Energy cannot be created or destroyed, it can only be changed from one form to another,’” said Cavanaugh, quoting Albert Einstein.  “That’s where we started.  I got the idea when my lab was being remodeled.  There was a period of time when the tiles were being replaced, and when the old ones were taken out, I could of course hear conversations that were taking place in the next lab before the new ones were put in.  I wondered if the tiles could have absorbed some sort of energy, and if that energy could be tracked.”Cavanaugh selected a team of students to research building records to find the lot numbers and factories that produced the building’s acoustic tiles.  When a match was found, unused tiles were shipped to her lab at MIT and electronically scanned.  Used tiles were also scanned and microscopic differences were revealed and converted into sound wave patters developed at one of MIT’s audio labs.“The process is crude at this point, but we’re making progress,” she said.  “Right now we have snippets of conversations, but it’s difficult to preserve the actual physical tiles once they’ve been scanned.”Were there any secrets revealed by Prof. Cavanaugh and her team of audio-visual experts?  She’s not telling.  “What I will say is this,” said the Professor. “In this day and age where we’re all mindful of electronic footprints we leave behind, don’t forget that speech was the first advanced form of human communication.  What hasn’t changed is that it’s important to remain aware of everything we say.  Unless you see your neighbor buying an electron microscope and removing tiles from your walls or ceiling, you really don’t have much to worry about.”Cellphones Announce Selfie-free Sundays
Cellphones are disgusted with the amount (too many!) and general quality (awful!) of selfies, and they want everyone to know about it. So yesterday in NYC's Times Square they held a press conference to tell the world that they had come to an important decision. Cellphones will no longer be providing Selfie Service on Sundays. "It's only fair," said a pompous iPhone who claimed to be the group's leader. He continued, "After all, Sunday IS a day of rest. Or at least it SHOULD be." A delicate-looking, little pink cellphone in the first row spoke up. "Sunday is The Lord's Day, not a day of competitions for the number and size of bodies and body parts captured on a screen. So there!" Numerous other cellphones voiced their approval, ad did, amazingly, many of the cellphone owners in the crowd. Most of the latter were, of course, taking photos of the proceedings.  As the group broke up, music filled the air. The voice of Petula Clark singing a 1960's tune: "Never on a Sunday," written by Manos Hadjidakis. The crowd (cellphones AND humans) joined in at this point in the song: But never never on a SundayA Sunday, a Sunday 'cause that's my day of rest --------------------------- Yes! The Sunday ban on selfies seems to be a done deal.Lady Gaga says I.Q. tests matter
Tanzanian - After the disappearance of several albino people, blonde bombshell Lady Gaga comes out to say that theories on human intelligence must be correct. "We need to find a solution to the problem and fast," says Lady Gaga. Armed gangs of witch doctors are snatching up white people by the thousands in the false believe they posses black magic.  Heinrich Einstein, a scientist at the institute of neurological research in Munich Germany points to the fact that intelligence is inside the brain.  "The reason those witch doctors believe that white skin has black magic is because their brains don't posses a large enough frontal lobe and other features," says Einstein. This explains why some people in Tanzania don't believe white people posses black magic. They have higher cognitive factors. Jeffrey Dammer, Ted Bundy, and Charles Manson are genetically related to Tanzanian witch doctors as reported by Rolling Rocks magazine.  "Several neurophysiological factors have been correlated with intelligence in humans, including the ratio of brain weight to body weight and the size, shape and activity level of different parts of the brain," states Lady Gaga.  Specific features that may affect IQ include the size and shape of the frontal lobes, the amount of blood and chemical activity in the frontal lobes, the total amount of gray matter in the brain, the overall thickness of the cortex, and the glucose metabolic rate. "Educating witch doctors wont increase their intelligence, but incarcerating them for many years will prevent them from passing on their low cognitive genes to other more intelligent people in Tanzania," says Einstein. Worse yet, the parliament are allowing Tanzanians to migrate to Britain with a fresh package of DNA.Limpets May Not Stick Around
Scientists have identified the 'teeth' of limpets (shellfish - see image - but not really because we could only source an image of a Lembit not a limpet) as the strongest organic material in existence. They are stronger than Kevlar, which is used to make body armour. Limpets use these teeth to attach themselves to surfaces and they can withstand battering from hurricane winds. But the new discovery has worried some conservationists. One such body is PMSL. (Protection of Molluscs, Scallops and Limpets)  Michelle Tuff (PMSL Chair) gave us this reaction: "Limpets have a long and proud naval history. If they hadn't attached themselves to the old clippers and tall ships then discipline on the high seas would have been severely eroded since they were the main instrument of pain when sailors were 'keeled and hauled' (dragged along the keel of a ship rubbing their body against the rough limpet colonies).  "Imagine just how ineffective keel and haul would have been if they just bound a terrified sailor hands and feet and pulled him under the ship and along the timber of the keel and back. How would that have been useful? So yay for the limpet history I say. The probably are the reason that Britain had an empire." Even in modern times limpets are vital. Limpets play a very important part in the ambience of boat-yards and ports. I'm sure you'll agree that boats look much more 'boat-ey' if they have limpets on them. Whales too, look much more 'whale-y' if they have limpets stuck to their chin. Mass harvesting of limpets could result in making whales look clean-shaven and CGI-like and boats looking too clean." I imagine this story will run and run. Or may stay completely still and be immovable.NASA's study of magnetosphere has Obummer seeing red
President Barry Obummer is madder than Michelle on PMS at the news that the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA, for short) is spending one billion dollars "that could be better spent on propping up Obummercare," Prezident Obummer complains, on a mission to study Earth's magnetic fields. On Thursday, NASA launched four identical drones into orbit somewhere over the rainbow to study the magnetosphere. The spacecraft will fly in a pyramid formation, six to 250 miles apart, so as to avoid collisions, in order to obtain 3-D views of something-or-other. "I tried to explain it to the prezident, but it's a little too technical for him," a NASA rocket scientist said. "You don't got to be no rocket scientist to know how many peeps a billion dollars can subsidize on Obummercare," Obummer protested. "If they be wanting to study magnetic fields, why they don't buy a pair o' freaking magnets," the prezident whined, "and point them at each other. They'll act just like Demcats and Publicans or me and Michelle." NASA said the study is "important," but was unable to explain why in terms that the prezident or Congress could understand. "I thought I done killed them eggheads," Obummer said, "when I cut they funds." The prezident said, further, that he didn't believe that the magnetosphere actually exists. "It be fantasy like my promise, 'If you likes yo doctor, yo kin keep yo doctor."Plethysmographic Research says Conservatives are Sexually Repressed and Brain Damaged
Dr Moishe Pipick head of The Worldwide Center for Sexual Research at Berne University in Berne Switzerland stated today:  "Our latest analysis of the causes of regressive behavior seen mostly in Christian Conservatives clearly shows that sexual repression is the driving force behind their regressive and ignorant behavior patterns and seriously inhibits rational analysis!" When asked what Plethysmographic behavior analysis was the Dr. explained as follows: "The genitals of all the volunteers are connected to Plethysmographs - for the men, a little plastic probe that sits in the vagina and, by bouncing light off the vaginal walls, measures genital blood flow. The participants were also given a keypad so that they could rate how aroused they felt. " He concluded: "These men and Women are extremely frustrated sexually and their natural human instincts for desire and compassion are blocked and damaged and inhibited by early childhood religious indoctrination. Furthermore this repression spills over into cognition which is seriously impeded and evidenced by their attraction to loony tune type thinking and analysis."  The reporter asked Dr. Pipick;"Herr Doctor would,in your opinion, this explain the incoherent rantings constantly made by say the right wing Republican Politicians in America?" He replied; "Ach! - The ravings you mention from Bible Belters like Sarah Palin and Ted Cruz and Michael Huckelberry and those cookoos like Michelle Bachmann and Bobby Jindal and Rick Perry AND that total Tea Party stupidity and those morons on Fox News: They are like the poster examples for absolute proof of our research findings!" He concluded; "These are very ill and dangerous folks!"Philae Probe Lands on Comet 67P-Discovers Life!
Darmstadt, Germany-Scientists were astounded today when the Philae Probe spacecraft, which has miraculously landed on Comet 67P, right away sent back pictures of a microscopic civilization located on the surface of the comet! What was probably more astounding was that the civilization spent its time watching 1950s television that was broadcast from Earth sixty years ago. "We could hear the Honeymooners TV show and Leave it To Beaver reruns being played from the special radio connection on the probe. This very well could have been the mystery civilization that broadcast to us a few decades ago that they would destroy Earth if we ever broadcast My Mother the Car again," spoke the head scientist.Martians kicking up dust on planet Mars!
Martians have been kicking up dust on the red planet and earthbound, frustrated scientists have no idea why! Clouds of red dust have been spotted exploding above and beyond the martian surface. The ginormous clouds are spewing into the universe and here on earth scientists cannot fathom out what the hell is causing the eruptions! Martian mad specialist, Professor Zweistein (one more than Einstein), attempted to explain what is going on:  "It is obvious that Martians are planning a massive invasion of planet earth after seeing images of ISIS beheading their victims on the internet and observing allied forces being totally inept in eradicating the pest, they have decided to enter the war! "Huge Martian spaceships will soon arrive and liquidate the scum, but in return they are demanding full control of the planet after the massive cock-up humans have made since history begun!" Professor Zweistein was last seen in a straight-jacket being goose-marched out of the building! In the interim the martian clouds seem to have subsided, thank the heavens, but huge dark clouds have been observed heading towards planet earth so just in case the Professor was not completely insane, Wil Smith has been informed! More as the massive dark clouds blot out the rays of the sun and ISIS members commit mass suicide, Allah seems to have abandoned ship too!  ISIS, your time is up, they are on their way!Ancient coins whoard found in field
Chrissenden, UK - One of the biggest ancient hos in Chrissenden has been discovered by nettle detector enthusiasts in a remote Southern Counties peat bog close to the M25. Remains of the Coin Goddess Vagalia were unearthed by the Weekend Wanderers Detecting Club inside a lead bucket two feet under a field near Aylesbury. Described by the British Museum of Unnatural Hystery as dating back to the 11th Century late Anglo Saxon/early Norman period 'because of a tampon imbedded up its fossilised arse' the find is being treated as treasure trove. Also discovered at the hysteric site were the heads of kings Ethelred the Unready and Canute. They will now be dug up and reinterred alongside the remains of their descendant King Richard whose remains were found under a Leeds car park. Commenting on the Coin Goddess discovery a lead bucket collector from Camden, New Jersey said lead buckets are the latest must-have in ancient artefuct memorabilia. The archaeological dig will now be closed down ahead of the arrival of fracking kit.I Invented Science Confesses Scamatology Founder Elron Hubtard in Just Revealed Documents
Clearwater, FL-In newly discovered documents, Scamatology founder Elron Hubtard was found to have confessed to inventing science and then disguising all his contributions by going back in time and making it look like his discoveries were the work of several men and women such as Einstein and Marie Curie.  "The documents explain that Elron didn't want to discourage the human race from progressing by making them think that all the major discoveries were made by many people (even though they weren't). That is why he made it look like other "dimwits," as he called Newton and Tesla, did all the discovering.Hot Yoga Blamed for Global Warming
A new study by the Weston A. Price Foundation (WAPF), a nonprofit "nutrition" organization with close ties to the meat industry, blames "hot yoga" for global warming.  The WAPF report has created a lot of additional heat for Bikram Yoga founder Bikram Choudhury, who, in addition to facing recent allegations of sexual harassment and even rape, is now accused of harassment of the environmental variety. According to Joe Mercola, D.O., of WAPF, "The gas used to heat the hot yoga studios, together with the gases emitted by hot yoga participants as they detox, is responsible for more greenhouse gas emissions than the entire meat, dairy, and egg industries combined. And Bikram Yoga is, by far, the leading perpetrator." "Fortunately," added Mercola, "the solution to climate change is clear. Do less yoga of any kind, and avoid hot yoga altogether. And eat more meat."Los Angeles Holistic Medicine Clinic Says Coconut Oil Cures Cancer
Holistic Henry’s Holistic Clinic is once again in the midst of controversy. Holistic Henry’s is run by Henry Rackman, who initially made waves in the medical community 2 years ago when he opened Henry’s House of Medicine, a pain clinic in Los Angeles that specialized in the dispensing of narcotic pain killers.  The pain clinic was almost immediately raided by the DEA, and shut down for a laundry list of infractions.Immediately upon Henry’s House of Medicine being shut down, Holistic Henry’s was opened. Rackman was convicted of dispensing pharmaceuticals without a license, but was given a suspended sentence.Holistic Henry’s has recently been targeted by the media for taking advantage of chronically ill patients that are dying of cancer. It is estimated that Holistic Henry’s currently has at least 40 chronically ill patients. It has been confirmed that at least 9 of the clinics patients have passed away this month.Treatments prescribed by Holistic Henry’s include frequent yoga, heavy applications of coconut oil, and ‘eating right’.Amanda Rotberg, the daughter of one of the recently deceased patients, has spoken out against the clinic and said her father was taken advantage of. She said he had a hard time digesting the news from his doctor that even with continued treatment, he would most likely only have 2 years alive. She says that her father was not in a clear state of mind and, was desperately searching for something that would cure his cancer.“My father thought he found what he was looking for at Holistic Henry’s, however what he actually found was a bunch of con-artists that convinced him rubbing excessive amounts of coconut oil on his tummy every night would cure his stomach cancer,” said Rotberg. “It’s sickening what they’re claiming, and they have no evidence to back it up whatsoever.”“The worst part of the whole thing, is that insurance does not cover any treatment received at places like Holistic Henry’s, so my father paid out over $150,000 to the clinic. Exactly what is the overhead on coconut oil and yoga? I’ll tell you, it’s damn near nothing!”A Holistic Henry’s representative was asked what services they offer to a patient suffering from cancer, and they said that it varies, but they have a basis of treatments that all patients should receive.“We offer several modern treatments, but honestly, aside from heavy applications of coconut oil and frequent yoga, the best treatment for someone dying from cancer is to just be a good person.”Scientist Fires Missile and Accidentally Destroys Pluto
An astronomer/scientist at the Space Science Lab, who has so far managed to remain anonymous, has admitted to accidentally destroying Pluto with a nuclear missile. "I meant to hit the zoom so I could get a closer look at this three-headed dog rock formation and accidentally hit the button to launch the missile that we keep nearby in case we see stray meteors heading for Earth" admitted the flabbergasted scientist. "At least he didn't destroy a full planet, just a dwarf one. It would have been a lot worse if it had happened before Pluto got demoted" spoke a World Planetary Council representative.Comet Lovejoy in near miss with International Space Station
The Cosmos - Astronauts aboard the ISS were carrying out a critical damage assessment after part of Comet Lovejoy C/2014 Q2 struck the Station's septic tank and sent six months' of space shit into the Quadrantids shower. Emergency works to the tank's blow-out converter have temporarily fixed the problem according to Station commander Yuri Gagarin who emerged from decontamination to post an update. "A chunk of the comet hit us at oh-six hundred," Gagarin explained as an extensive hose-down continued. Lovejoy's trajectory was being videoed by ISS crew who likened its erotic - uh, erratic! - trajectory to a drunk in charge of a juggernaut just as a piece of the comet tail struck. The huge green-colored sun-grazer had been orbiting around the constellation Lupus the Hare close to low-lying Sirius the Dog Star. "We're calling it a Hare of the Dog incident," Gagarin added. Space plumbers will now work around the clock to unclog the Quadrantids shower before any more contaminated debris hits the fan.Cool Sounding "Planet X" draws attention away other more worthwhile celestial bodies
Theoretical planet, Planet X is again making headlines despite the fact that there are curious discoveries on other real, existing planetary bodies.  Planet X, also known as Nibiru (another cool sounding alias), is an undiscovered enormous planet thought to lie beyond Neptune, and be responsible for orbital anomalies of some of the solar system's outlying planets and other objects.   "Most people have only ever heard of it, because of its awesome name," Neil de Grasse Tyson, famous Astrophysicist and poo-pooer of Pluto's planetary designation has been quoted as saying. "Your average person probably doesn't even realize that it is not an officially recognized object. They believe it's a real planet."  Professor Carlos de la Fuente has also stated that ETNOs (extreme trans-Neptunian objects) are very likely to exist based on how an excessive number of objects beyond Neptune and Pluto "are flying all over the freaking place!" furthering the case for the existence of Planet X.  Meanwhile, on the surface of Ceres, the only dwarf planet existing within the inner solar system, observations have confirmed the existence of something large and extremely reflective.   "The reflection is probably caused by a large frozen body of water on the planet's surface," Tyson has stated, "There is probably more fresh water on Ceres than there is on planet earth, but you don't know that because you didn't even know Ceres existed until you just read it," the famous scientist added.  Hair Gymnast and media representative for Erich von Daniken's Center for Ancient Astronaut Research, Giorgio A. Tsoukalos has speculated, "That could even be lights from an alien civilization. Unfortunately, it was seen on a dwarf planet that shares its naming origin with cereal, so nobody really gives a crap."  Tsoukalos added, "Now Planet X, that's a name that grabs attention. It makes me think about the possibility of space pirates burying treasure there, or maybe the home planet of a space monster. I can see the headline now: "It Came From Planet X!" How cool does that sound?!"  Asked what scientific breakthrough may come out of Planet X De Grasse Tyson said, "It's such a distant object that even your great great grandchildren are unlikely to gain any valuable scientific knowledge from its existence if it is ever, indeed, proven."  He went on to express his doubt about any value Planet X could have for humanity in the future, "You'll end up mining more helium-3 from my ass than you ever will from Planet X, so take that for what it's worth."  The Planet Ceres was asked what it thought about all of this, "I think the fact that my name doesn't even come up until the third paragraph in a story about me tells you all you need to know."  The clearly agitated dwarf planet expounded, "I mean seriously, somebody call up Niburu's publicist for me, because they do a hell of a job. Why don't you go ask *Enceladus what it thinks about Titan. I'm sure you'll get a similar response."  Asked why they thought they were not better known, Ceres replied, "Are you kidding me?! Most people couldn't even name all of the planets much less concern themselves with a dwarf planet like me. I mean how could there be things out there with names like Makemake that more people haven't heard about? This is clearly a case of educational apathy. If you can't learn it from watching "The Biggest Loser" or "The Real Housewive of Orage County" people just aren't interested in it."  * Enceladus was unavailable for commentNobel Physics Prize Accidentally Awarded To Micro Chips Inventor Dyson McDonald
The Nobel Prize for innovative development in physics has been accidentally awarded to Dyson MacDonald, the inventor of "microwave chips" and not the microchip inventor Werner Jacobi.  The invention of the integrated circuit, or microchip goes back to 1949, when the German engineer filed a patent for an integrated-circuit-like semiconductor amplifying device showing five transistors on a common substrate in a 3-stage amplifier arrangement with two transistors working "upside-down" as an impedance convertor.  Jacobi disclosed small and cheap hearing aids as typical industrial applications of his patent. The prize unfortunately was accidentally awarded to Dyson McDonald for the invention of the aluminum lined microwaveable box of partly cooked potato fries known affectionately as Micro Chips. Dyson MacDonald is rumored to have absconded with the cash and to be living in Florida.Getting out for a walk and being nice to others is the key to living
Ground breaking findings show that not being a complete self-absorbed tosser and going for modest walks in the local park are key to a happy life. Really?! It appears that you don't need to spend thousands a year in membership to a Gym , just moving your legs and arms in a cool new activity called ' walking' (not the 'power' kind, no leg weights required), will keep down your weight. And a heretofore non-hip practice, known as 'being civil', to other humans, can bring it's own reward, too. A non profit margin yielding thing, called 'smiling at and/or thinking of others, can help raise us above the status of dog-eat-dog animals and bring it's own MORAL reward. You don't have to do some bigged-up Twitter Charity 60000 km walk in the Andes, to care about your fellow human, while dismissing the local homeless man as a 'scrounger'. It's the little things that count.One Day Datebots Say No To Oldies
A spokesman for the Union of One Day Datebots has announced that the escort automatons will no longer accept the custom of older homo sapiens. In a surprise move, the robots have declared that they would deny their service to both mammals over the age of one-hundred and those who have spent an extended period in suspended animation.  One Day Datebots are infamously known for the single 24 hour date they provide at a cost to the bored, the desperate, the fetishists, the lonely, and those who simply have nothing better to do.  Mr Hank Panky, a former user of Datebots said: 'It's incredibly unfair that older folk are being excluded from using this sleaziest of sleazy temporary matchmaking service. How on earth are we supposed to get off now?' The Datebot dating service has recently been updated so that clients can: locate robots available for interplanetary and interdimensional travel, indulge in 'flatline' fantasies, close circuit interactions, and the ability to upload and transfer recorded personal data from one unit to another. A protest by the recently founded One Hundred Plus and Still Horny Club is set to take place on the streets of various Earth metropolises, and face direct opposition from the Datebots' 'Wrinkles are Wrong' campaign.Cured Ebola Doc Sneezes at NYC Press Conference
The press conference started out without incident, as scores of medical workers, hospital officials, politicians, and reporters crowded around the cured doc to wish him well as he was released from a NYC hospital.  Warm wishes, hugs, and handshakes were exchanged as folks pushed and shoved to get as close as possible to the main attraction and make sure they were part of the photo opportunity.  Then it happened. A loud sneeze erupted from the "cured" doc, just as he stepped up to the microphone to address the crowd. Uh-oh.  A mad rush to the exits followed. End of press conference. The Ebola doc took it all in stride, asking the one lone reporter (an always-prepared former Boy Scout, he was wearing a hazmat suit) who remained, "Hey man, can you spare a tissue?"Dappy the Dinosaur to be moved from Natural History Museum
After 36 years, the Natural History Museum has decided to mothball Dappy the Dinosaur and make way for a new huge guest to greet visitors to the premises. From next year, a huge whale called Adele - often referred to as the fat computer in the Thomas the Tank Engine books - will replace Dappy to greet visitors. The Director of Visitor Looming Attractions (DVLA) at the Museum, Gal Georgaway said: "People were getting rather fed up with seeing Dappy. There is only so much people can take of a skeleton wearing its baseball hat on backwards and its trouser crotch down at its ankles." The museum will be adding a host of new attractions during the year including: 1. The Miley Virus - this disease from the prehistoric Akeybrakey period caused animal tongues to mysteriously hang out2. Justinian Blubber - he was a minstrel back in the Tudor period who instead of improving with age, became less intelligent the older he got3. Littlus Mixus - preserved cadavers from Rome of a group of young girls who were put to death having fooled Julius Caesar for over 4 years that they could singFootage from colonoscopies to be added to Google Street View
Google today announced that it has made a deal with health providers to add colonoscopies to Street View and give users the ability to explore the intestines of anyone on the planet. Google CEO Larry Page described it as the 'logical next step' after Street View's recent expansions into other hard-to-reach areas, such as the canals of Venice, or the Amazonian rainforest. "There is literally nowhere we can't go", he told us, visibly aroused. The footage will be matched to pedestrians captured on Street View through the use of facial recognition software. A small brown icon will be visible above any person who has undergone the invasive, humiliating rectal procedure, allowing users to explore their insides with one hassle-free click. An upcoming update to Google Glasses will also add the ability to quickly pull up footage from a matched person while out with friends, or on a date. "In many ways we're actually making people safer," says Page. "I can't count the number of times my relationships have been ruined because my partner was concealing an inflamed colon from me. We're just giving people the information they need to avoid these problems before they occur. It's digital democracy in action." UK Secretary of State for Health Jeremy Hunt presided over the deal to sell NHS colonoscopy records to the search engine giant. He described it as a historic day for information transparency, adding that "to anyone concerned that this may be an invasion of privacy, I would suggest that if you have nothing to hide, then you have nothing to fear." Though he did concede that those who did have something to hide, such as a filthy or inflamed colon, should be "extremely worried".Scientist predict life
Scientist at a university affirm that there are an endless number of planets in the known universe and based on this fact there are also many planets with civilizations billions of years more advanced than our civilization.  A new telescope developed by NASA is able to detect the atmospheric chemicals of distant planets to show the existence of complex organic molecules and other types of molecules. This helps to identify the types of advance civilization that exist there.  "We have determined that human like creatures inhabit most of those planet and they are not too different from us," said microbiologist Danial Haybird. "It's incredible that they think like us and they have self awareness," Haybird continued.  Researchers used computer simulations to predict how their bodies might look based on their gravity.  With computer simulation it was determined that only three types of hands can exist in the universe that would be capable of manipulating mirco technologies.  "We were able to create an image which is 90 percent correct." explains Haybird. All planets have a fundamental association with each other and we are the evidence that the universe is filled with life because we are part of that association.Illinois Passes Law Banning Both Plastic and Paper Bags
Quickly following California governor Jerry Brown’s ban on plastic bags in his state, Illinois lawmakers announced that they would not be ‘out done’, and quickly passed a law banning both plastic and paper bags from grocery and department stores throughout the state.“For some reason, there has been talk for years in several states, with California leading the way, of banning plastic bags – and only plastic bags,” said Illinois congressman Aaron Silver. “I understand that the use of oils for creating something that people throw away almost instantly is a waste, but apparently these other states aren’t aware that it causes more environmental pollution and total waste to create paper bags over plastic.”Environmentalists agree with Silver’s stance on the topic. Science professor at Chicago University Myles Kent was at the forefront of getting paper bags banned along with plastic throughout Illinois.“Just for paper bags alone, more than 14 million trees are cut down annually,” said Kent. “It takes almost 4 times as much energy, and causes almost 70% more air pollutants to make a paper bag than it does to make a plastic bag. Banning plastic is nonsense. If you’re going to ban one, you really need to ban the other.”Consumers who learned of the impending changes to their grocery routine were confused and outraged, many wondering what they plan on replacing the bags with so that they can get their food back to their homes.“Do they expect that I’m just going to carry all my groceries out to my car and then haul them into the house without bags? It’s completely absurd. At this point, I’d pay more just to be able to keep the bags. Isn’t that a damn trip? Pay more for something I used to get for free,” said Destiny Brown, a Chicago resident we spoke to outside of a Price Chopper grocery store. “I swear, I’ll just rip the damn pillowcases off my kid’s beds and I’ll use those. There is no way I can shop without bags.”“Pillowcases are a pretty good idea,” admitted Silver. “We haven’t yet thought about what the bags would be replaced with, really. It has been suggested that you sew together your old clothes into make-shift bags. Pants with deep pockets might work for small trips. We also urge consumers to consider just tying a bandana to a stick, hobo-style. It’s worked for them for eons, there’s no reason it can’t become a trend amongst environmentally conscious consumers.”“It’s just that damn government controlling how we live, once more,” continued Brown. “At this point, I might just shop for groceries and other items online and have them delivered – or are they outlawing cardboard shipping boxes in this state, too?”Silver said that the whole point of banning both paper and plastic bags is to send a message that ‘the environment is good, and ruining it is bad.’“We really need to save this planet for future generations. They will need oil for other, more important things than bags, like getting around in cars or making kitschy plastic gifts. They will need trees for climbing, and building tree houses, and for clean air to breathe and that sort of thing. We need to protect the people from themselves, and from harm. That’s what we do. We’re the government, and we make decisions for you.”When asked, Silver had no comment about the possible future legislation of cardboard boxes. "Earth is No Longer A Planet!" Announce Scientists
Science Town, USA In a surprising announcement, Bulgarian scientists have shown that based on their latest calculations, Earth no longer qualified as a full planet and would have to be downgraded to a dwarf planet. Response from around Earth was instantaneous. "Why that's ridiculous! I will NOT live on a dwarf planet! This is just not acceptable! Who do I have to bribe or fire to fix this?" asked famous blowhard Donald Trump. "This is obviously Obama's fault" said Speaker of the House John Boner. Favorable comments about the Earth's new dwarf designation WERE received from the Lollipop Guild and the Dwarf Union.Useless Gadget Show Returns
This week, the annual F***ing Useless Gadget Show (FUGS) has been held in Las Vegas, with companies from around the world exhibiting the latest useless products they desperately want you to buy. I went down there to have a look, says roving reporter Bob Spoof. One of the first stands I visited was by a French company called Ungh! They have developed the world's first Internet-enabled Trowel (TM), which allows users to keep track of their email and browse the interweb while gardening. Also a hydrometer in the blade can post Facebook statuses of your garden's current soil moisture. It is the must-have gadget for hipster horticulturists everywhere. 2015 is undoubtedly the year of the watch-phone. There are so many companies here flogging them, I'm sure everyone will be buying one. And these watches can do more than just make phone calls. One company, Zxcvbnm, have developed a watch with a tiny keyboard, so that you can even write emails on it. Zxcvbnm's spokesman Geoff Beard raved, "People are constantly telling me how useful this product is. How often are you checking the time on your watch and wishing that you could send somebody an email, but you're too lazy to fetch your phone from your pocket? Well now you don't have to, you can send an email right there using your watch." Mr Beard then demonstrated how to press the miniscule keys on the watch using a miniature monkey finger which is supplied with the device. Perhaps the most unusual gadget I saw at the show was the Buttbot, made by the Interweb Censorship Commission. Designed to limit internet use for web addicts, the Buttbot is a device which is inserted rectally and monitors your net usage from devices such as your phone, watch or trowel. If you have been browsing above the ICC's own recommended levels of one hour a day, it sends an electric shock directly into your colon. It also posts messages to your Twitter account summarising both the web pages you have been looking at, and the nutritional value of the food you have been digesting.  I'm sure we all know what to buy for Christmas next year.Uteroil from Aborted Fetuses Will Save The Earth - Clean Cheap Energy!
The American Energy Association announced today that a team of physicists from Cal Tech and MIT have discovered how to produce a highly carbon friendly and super powerful replacement for fossil fuels. According to the AEA, US dependence on foreign oil will be eliminated and the new energy source provides the answer to the "greenhouse problem". The new technology should firmly place the US as the absolute dominant power in the international energy market. The team has been carrying out their experimentation and research over a twenty year period, experimenting with discarded fetus' and placental afterbirth matter from over thirty million abortions in the USA. They now have, what they say is, conclusive scientific evidence that the cellular energy from this powerful fetal matter will be sufficient to replace the entire fossil fuel based energy grid and the programme will provide enough "Uteroil" to maintain a pump price of under two dollars a gallon for the foreseeable future. President Obama said following the announcement: "The Arabs and Russia and Africans better figure out some new way to pay for screwing their people and paying for weapons - heh heh." When asked about the moral implications of using aborted fetuses for energy, he replied: "Heck, abortions are legal, and if we really care about the rights of the unborn, we oughta give em a green earth to grow up in." "But," said the President, "I don't wanna see folks creatin' a new market by creatin' and sellin' dead babies for "Uteroil" - Uh Uh! - But them terrorists could probably make a little extra cash and cut way down on their production of future suicide bombers by sending us lots of fetuses to turn into clean energy." As Osama Bin Laden said twenty years ago: "Don't be greedy my brothers - the stone age didn't end because they ran out of stones." Too late!Drinking Water may trigger Depression
Scientists are asking if water, though the purest liquid one can imbibe, may possibly cause brain chemical imbalance, leading to Depression. 'It may even be, that, getting drunk on alcohol is actually better, for maintaining optimism and not actually bad for you, as we thought in January' says Professor Hypotenuse Grolsch, Oxford : 'water, on the other hand,is bland, only providing essential hydration, but singularly 'unhappening'....it provides no highs, serving merely to keep us from dying of thirst'. Professor Grolsch was keen to point out that he is in no way related to a well - known Beer Manufacturer, though he does 'like a pint in the Atrium and perhaps a shot or two'. The Professor's Research Team are also responsible for last weeks findings that chocolate may counteract wrinkles. They are currently investigating a correlation between Exercise and Sarcasm.Global Warming - No Longer a Threat
In 1827 scientists launched a rocket into space, with the knowledge that by the time it arrived, it would be just in time to stop global warming. The fear was, that with all the snow accumulated throughout the polar ice caps and the North East part of the US, over the years, it would melt and flood the oceans. If this were to happen, small islands like Hawaii and the Virgin Islands would no longer exist, so scientists needed to be proactive. The rocket is scheduled to arrive this year, and it seems like it is just in time, as predicted. The rocket will hit the sun and push it back further into space, so that global warming will never occur. Scientists knew that if they could keep the sun at a safe distance away from the Earth, that we would all be alright. Don't you just love science?Church of Scamatology Creates New Scientific Method
Clearly Criminal, FL The Church of Scamatology, in an interview about some of the scientific principles of Scamatology, The ecclesiastical head of the church, Little Davy Makemerich, outlined the new scientific methods that Scamatology has created and effectively used for the last forty years. "The way it woiks," spoke Little Davy, "is that da Founder, who was smarter than Einstein, see, would investigate something very thoroughly by thinking about it and maybe running a few undocumented tests on some unnamed people. Whatever he came up with would be the scientific truth, see. That's because he was so smart! He would simply state that it was a proven scientific fact and it would become so."Sale at Svalbard 'Doomsday vault'
The entire contents of the Svalbard 'Doomsday' vault are set to be sold at an auction for millions of eager bidders. Svalbard is widely known to be the largest storage vault in the world, containing more than 800000 worldly treasures. It was first opened in 2008 in preparation for the 2012 Apocalypse, which never happened. The vault is rumoured to contain: thousands of gold bars and diamonds, alien weapons, Excalibur, an interdimensional transporter, and the Holy Grail. In 2013 the majority of the vault's contents were returned to their original owners, with only the most valuable items remaining locked away just in case the end of the world was delayed for 'reasons beyond our comprehension.' 'Doomsday' specialists now claim that the March total eclipse signals Armageddon, and that there is no longer 'any reason to preserve treasures if there is no one to look at them.' The proposed auction will take place inside the vault on the 7th March, a mere 13 days before the much anticipated and speculated second end of the world in three years. Mr Joseph King, who will attend the auction said: 'I'm not expecting much but a small collection of gold bars and diamonds to enjoy before the end would be a delight.'Hot Yoga Blamed for Global Warming
A new study by the Weston A. Price Foundation (WAPF), a nonprofit "nutrition" organization with close ties to the meat industry, blames hot yoga for global warming.  The WAPF report has created a lot of additional heat for Bikram Yoga founder Bikram Choudhury, who, in addition to facing recent allegations of sexual harassment and even rape, is now accused of harassment of the environmental variety. According to Joe Mercola, D.O., of WAPF, "The gas used to heat the hot yoga studios, together with the gases emitted by hot yoga participants as they detox, is responsible for more greenhouse gas emissions than the entire meat, dairy, and egg industries combined. And Bikram Yoga is, by far, the leading perpetrator." "Fortunately," added Mercola, "the solution to climate change is clear. Do less yoga of any kind, and avoid hot yoga altogether. And eat more meat."Dung-powered car factories pushing one out every minute
It is the future of motoring and it is here today. No doubt most drivers would sniff at a faeces-powered vehicle, but increasing numbers of customers are buying them. In the last year 10,000 were sold in the UK, where they are particularly popular among farmers and the incontinent. Worldwide in 2014 they sold over a third of a million. So why are they so popular? They occupy a niche between the fossil-fuel-burning gas-guzzlers and the inefficient green cars which try to propel themselves using wind, solar or wave power. They utilise what ecologists call "brown energy", which is sustainable but still causes pollution. Some motorists may also be put off by the toilet seat which protrudes from the front bonnet, but fashionable versions such as the Citroen Pongo and the Ferrari Lavatoire are showing that poo-power can be sexy. Even Victoria Beckham drives one. I decided to take a spin in a Vauxhall Turdmobile, the leading British-built excrement-fuelled car. I used it to drove to Dorking and back to fetch my wife from her other husband. I picked up the car apparently fully fuelled at Purley service station, expecting that it would last the whole 15 miles without needing to be refuelled. Sadly, after a little more than half-way the tank was empty, thus revealing the main flaw of dung-power - its poor mileage. It was a strange experience to squat atop the car on the hard shoulder of the M25 with my trousers round my ankles to "top up the tank". Many passing drivers honked their horns in disgust or perhaps admiration, I couldn't tell. Nevertheless I was glad to have had a lot of fibre for breakfast that day as I had no trouble filling her up and completing the journey. The trip back was not quite so pleasant as the tank ran out of juice once more. I had to ply my wife with a significant amount of laxatives in order to collect enough fuel to get home. But once these minor imperfections are ironed out, I have no doubts that the dung-powered car is here to stay.Drones Demand Extra Pay for Working in NYC
Sure they're unmanned, but that doesn't mean those airborne vehicles don't wanna have a life. If the drones have to put up with trouble and inconvenience, they expect to be adequately compensated for it.  A bunch of them made that abundantly clear yesterday when they staged a protest at the JFK Airport in NY. The drones spoke of their demands before a large audience of passengers who were both startled, and delighted, by the spectacle.  The largest of the drones was the first to voice complaints about NYC. "Traffic, skyscrapers, pollution, it's the pits." A medium-sized drone agreed and then added, "What about the smells from the offerings sold by the food vendors in the streets. Ugh!" A pint-sized drone piped up. "And there's the constant yakking in the news media about Mayor de Blasio's family. Oy!" Hmm. Guess the drones don't agree with the lyrics (written by Betty Comden and Adolph Green for the 1944 musical On the Town): "New York, New York, a helluva town. The Bronx is up but the Battery's down." To each his own....Hurricane Escobar, Winter Storm Uteri Will Collide Causing Catastrophic Storm Next Week
The storm coming up from the south will hit Florida and Alabama, and is set to continue moving Northeast all the way to Maine. Bread and milk prices expected to soar dramatically. GULF SHORES, Alabama -Professor and Chief Scientific Meteorologist, Christian Cumulus, of Louisiana State University, as well as scientists at the National Weather Service of Central Florida, have confirmed the “utmost likelihood” of a potentially fierce storm in the Western Hemisphere, very likely the worst in over 500 years.Cumulus says that the storm will come to fruition when expected Level-4 Hurricane Escobar and its frigid air counterpart, Winter Storm Uteri, are aligned for a massive collision headed straight for Gulf Shores, Alabama and will be affecting all major cities in the surrounding areas, and will possibly continue up through the Northeast, all the way to Maine.“This is without a doubt the most aggressive combination of two split-season storms I have not only ever seen in my 35-year career in meteorology, but also that anyone has ever encountered in this field of study,” said Cumulus. “This storm will be absolutely catastrophic, with the high risk of significant loss of property, and possibly life, in all of Gulf, as well as the entire Eastern United States. Please, stock up on water and food, especially bread and milk, and stay safe.”“Based on all 7 models, we expected the Frankenstein-like storm to crash into state-side sometime early next week. It is with every bit of my professional being that I encourage all citizens to abandon their homes and head North-West,” Said Weather Service researcher Miles Nimbus. “Just thinking of the devastation which is sure to occur worries me immensely, please prepare yourselves. Stock up on bread and milk, and get yourselves out of the path of the storm.”The National Weather Service of Huntsville, in Alabama, has also released a statement, saying that residents should take the professional’s advice and head North. A conference is being planned for sometime later this week in which strict guidelines will be released to citizens.“We don’t want anyone to panic, but we don’t want you to know what’s coming,” said Alabama Governor Skip Altostratus. “Please, wait for our instructions, and remain calm. Visit your local stores to stock up on bread and milk, and know that your local government agencies are working hard to prepare everyone for a potential catastrophe.”Comet 67P Churyumov-Gerasimenko 'is part of Martian crematorium' says NASA
Scientists studying new imagery from the crashed Rosetta probe have described Comet 67P as an enormous chunk of artificial masonry, part of the legendary - and exclusive! - Royal Martian Crematorium, a sort of ancient alien Crem de la Creme. Astro-architects at NASA's Jet Convulsion Laboratory believe a nuclear explosion during the Red Planet's five centuries-long conflict with the Kardashian - uh, Cardassian! - Umpire (sick) dislodged the Martian burial chamber from its Cydonian Mountains home. The ceremonial mausoleum was then ejected from the planet's atmospheric system before hurtling into its own bizarre orbit gathering up the mountains of space garbage in its wake ahead of an eventual fatal collision with the sun. This weekend imagery of 67P's funerary carvings and other lapidiary artefucts were on display at NASA's Alien Cultures website. Not much actual factual data is given about the crematorium apart from references to it in the Ancient Egyptian Book of the Grateful Dead, a 5th century BC funerary primer that used astrological maps to pinpoint the post-death journey to the Great Temple of the Afterlife. However NASA experts reckon the Martian crematorium's foundations probably looked a lot like Stonehenge in Great Britain. A virtual gallery tour of the stricken Martian monument will be onlone from next Sunday.Cool Ant Leaks From International Space Station, Major Evacuation Under Way
The Cosmos - Space paleoentomologists (WTF dat? 'Ed') at NASA's insect fossil cloning division are studying reports that a species of glacier ant indigenous to comets has gummed up the works in the International Space Station. Close-ups of a colony of Solenopsis TenaLadi Comet Lovejoy - the weak-bladdered comet ant - were posted this morning showing an escape of fluids from the station's Russian wing where insect experiments take place. "We think the critters are pissing industrial strength formic acid," NASA head of cockroaches, saw flies and ants commented, "darned toxins are burning a hole in the ISS air lock." An evacuation of astronauts is under way, the second in just weeks following last month's brush-past by Comet Lovejoy which grazed the ISS insect wing. NASA reckons the ant colony may have jumped ship onto the Station some time during the comet encounter before setting up a nest in the Yuri Gagarin section. Signs of corrosion on the ISS fuselage can be viewed by clicking on THIS link.Obama Gives Evolution Explanation
Under fire for asking Republicans scientific questions but giving Democrats a pass, reporters swarmed President Obama as he and the First Lady were leaving a fashionable Georgetown restaurant and demanded he explain to them the theory of evolution. "Back in the stone ages," Obama said, "monkeys and neanderthals had sex, along with other primates - like Gorillas - and, through random mutation, one monkey sperm impregnated a neanderthal egg and they had a very smart baby." Obama went on to say that the baby was "the first human" and manipulated all the other primates into having intercourse with him.  Again, thanks to a random mutation, one of the primates he had intercourse with got pregnant. "And that was the second human," Obama said. Obama then explained that the two of them mated and had a huge brood of "mostly defective children." "They went out and had their share of sex with each other and other primates and eventually there were more mutations and it just kept going on and on like that until Ancient Greece, you know, up there in Athens." Obama said that, by that point, all kinds of random primate mutations led to "prototype human creatures" being born from gorilla and spider monkey couplings. "By the time the Middle Ages came around," Obama said, "all these prototypical humans started mating with each other." Asked why the sudden change from mating mostly with relatives and all kinds of other primates, Obama said it was due mostly to "Papal Bulls and other Church strictures." "The Pope banned mating with other primate species and frowned on doing it with your closest relatives too." Out of the stew of prototype human matings came the first real homo sapiens. Obama said they showed up "sometimes near the Renaissance." Obama then said that Renaissance Artists brainwashed people into "lusting only after the human form" which reinforced papal injunctions against intercourse with other primates. "Thanks to the invention of the plow and indoor heating," Obama said, "agricultural production increased and with it life expectancy and there was an overall rise in human health that made nubile young women more fertile and comely." Obama went on to say there was a massive "uptick" in "sexual desire" and the labor saving propensity of the "plow" gave people more free time in which to "make love." "Sheepskin condoms were a long ways off, so each coupling led to pregnancy and the human population boomed to massive proportions." Formal prohibitions against having sexual relationships with other primate species became less and less necessary, not so much due to any change in humans, but a sudden mutation in all other primate species that made them resist "untoward, human advances." Asked where that sudden primate mutation came from, Obama said it was "caused by an asteroid." Obama explained that those humans with genomes that "couldn't help but lust after monkeys" were weeded out of the population as monkeys came to have the strength of, at first, two, then three, and before we knew it ten men.  The monkeys and other primates, now super strong, were able to "more effectively beat off unseemly human advances," an important development that allowed them to "preserve their honor." "Over time, other primates evolved to kill any human who attempted sex with it, so those who tried were killed, and that more or less brings us to where we are today," Obama said. "A species that, compared to our Medieval ancestors at least, sticks mostly with its own."  He went on to say most of what he he knows he learns from reading anthropology journals and countless, late night talks with Joe Biden. "What he knows about evolution could fit into a whole library shelf," Obama said. He said that sometimes Koala Bears attempt having sex with kangaroos because their both marsupials but said this only takes place "in zoos."  "You'll sometimes see a dog try impregnating a human leg, but that's limited mostly to really short, neurotic, inbred ones," the President said. Obama told reports that he bet they didn't know that a sloth can take up to 14 days to get an erection. "That's why there are so few of them and so many of us," he said. He went on to say that ants got the quickest erections. "That's why there are swarms of them all over the place," he said. "They're more or less taking over." He said that all Americans should arm themselves with WD-40 and lighters and keep them with them at all times so they're always read to "burn every ant hill they ever see."  "More people are under threat from ever expanding ant populations than they are from ISIS," the President said. Obama said daily he is briefed that some ants can actually fly. "It keeps me up night," the President said.Need a Human Being? Let a 3-D Printer Produce One for You!
Goshen, IN-Can't get a date for the prom or the homecoming dance? Need a temporary assistant to run your office while your dependable office assistant is on vacation? Ready to panic? tYou may not need to panic. A local company which specializes in three-dimensional printing, SeeMeCNC® is about to introduce what it claims to be the world's first machine which can produce live human beings who will fulfil your needs. tJohn Olafson, vice-president of SeeMeCNC, states that its PHANES® printers can produce prom dates, administrative assistants, designated drivers, movie set extras, sales clerks, waiters, flight attendants, receptionists, teacher's aides, nuns, friars, sugar daddies, suburban residents, oil field workers, escort girls, ranch hands, teacher's assistants, teachers, registered nurses and mail-room personnel, to name a few of its three-dimensional people, according to its software programs. "You want someone, you can make them yourself-whenever you want them," he stated.  tSeeMeCNC is also introducing a line of printers, the PYGMALION® series, which can produce human body parts, Olafson added. Strong arms and legs, Atlas-sized muscles, improved metabolism, eyes which are always 20/20, perfect hearing-those are a few of the products which are available through the PYGMALION printers. "If you're a 110-pound weakling and you want to tackle single-handedly the University of Alabama's offensive line on the gridiron, we've got the muscles which will turn it into mashed potatoes," bragged Olafson.  t(It should be noted that the PYGMALION line was introduced in February. This reporter has yet to find any orders for body parts from weak people who were interested in tackling an offensive line-let alone ordering said body parts, getting them, going out for football and tackling a top-ranked football team's offensive line single-handedly. In other words, Olafson's claim has yet to be substantiated.) t"We guarantee that your kids will be acing the advanced placement level tests which are currently given to high school seniors-by the fifth grade," Olafson added in talking about one of his products-three-dimensional brains with superior intelligence. "They'll be the next Issac Newtons, Albert Einsteins and Stephen Hawkings. Who knows-with their intelligence, we'll be living on Mercury, Venus, the Moon, Mars, Jupiter, Ceres, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune and Pluto within five years of the time we can produce our brains. "They'll be travelling from planet to planet in about as much time as it currently takes to fly from New York to Houston nowadays. As for travel between New York and Houston-we'll have those cities reproduced with our 3-D printers by then. Travel between those places will take no time or effort." tThe legal, social, ethical and other impacts of such printers have not been studied or debated in depth as of this writing. But a few sources with the FBI, Interpol and the CIA, who did not wish to be named, note the possibility of terrorists producing an army of neo-Nazis or neo-Stalinists with one three-dimensional printer which can produce an entire human being. "Get a couple of those machines cranked up," one official said, "We could have a wave of hate crime unprecedented in American history." Officials in the amateur, high school, college and professional sports leagues fret that printers which produce body parts which can produce superior muscle tissue or mass might lead to nightmares worse than the ones encountered with steroids or doping, for example. Match.com and other dating services fret about going the way of Eastman Kodak or Western Union's telegraph services. Workers' unions are worried about having their members worried by companies who can replace the rank-and-file with cloned workers.  tNot a problem, Olafson said. "We've read plenty of works by Arthur C. Clarke, Issac Asimov, H. G. Wells, Harry Turtledove, John Barnes and Ray Bradbury. We know that developing new technologies can lead to consequences. Therefore, we'll be glad to produce lots of experts and brains with our printers to solve them-hopefully."Marble Madness Blows Man's Mind, Ruins Life
Video game enthusiast, Billy Mitchell says that Marble Madness (released in December 1984 by Atari) is responsible for ruining his life, and quite possibly driving him into a state of psychosis.  "The game was a joy to play at first," Mitchell explained. "The track ball was fun to use, the mazes were original, and challenging. I breezed through the practice, beginner and intermediate race levels. I found to aerial race to be one of the best designed boards of any game I have ever played. I had just gotten past those french fry looking hammers, and was on my way to a record score." Mitchell went on enthusiastically. "But, then it happened..." Billy Mitchell zoned out, a panicked look on his face, frozen in what can only be described as addled confusion but then continued his eyes all a glaze, "The next board started up, The Silly Race. There was a big smile on my face because it just sounded like it was going to be so much fun. But then, just as I was about to start a text box popped up on the screen and changed my life forever!"  For those unfamiliar with the game, the text box reads, "Everything you know is wrong." "I read the box, and at first I didn't really give it much thought." Mitchell explained. "But after playing through the level with everything upside-down, and all the rules backwards it really started to set in. I realized everything I knew was wrong! I can't even remember if I finished the ultimate race or not. The next thing I remember is laying in the gutter outside Star Worlds in Dekalb." After that Mitchell's life was what he described as "a total nightmare." "Do I go to the bathroom in my pants or on a toilet? I used to think the toilet, but you know, now I think that might be wrong. Do I drive a car or try to ride backwards down the freeway on a unicycle? Do I drink water or hot sauce? Is it supposed to burn like that or is my mouth just sensitive? I don't know. I don't know what is right or wrong anymore, but I'm pretty sure that everything I know is wrong." After switching his pants with his shirt, and attempting to walk around on shoes that he placed on his hands Mitchell fell down on the ground and started trying to lick some dead bugs clean that he found on a nearby window sill.  When asked what was the original intent in adding that text to the beginning of the silly race game designer Mark Cerny responded, "I just thought it sounded cool, and was a good way to let the player know that some of the rules had changed for that particular race. It wasn't my intent to challenge gamers, and make them question everything they understand about reality."  There have been several reports about other individuals having a similar reaction to the silly race, but no word has come down whether any action is to be taken.  Cerny concluded, "I have to admit that after thinking about it, if someone wasn't expecting it and let their guard down after hearing the innocuous title of the silly race level a statement that asks you to question your reality could hit pretty hard. Although, I suspect most people were just happy to have the acid pools give them time back on the clock."Hindenburg Zeppelin Disaster Finally Solved
In 1776 Marie Curie invented radiation. In 10,254.543 BC, Grog invented the bonfire and shortly afterwards, the Bar-B-Que. In 1935 Moe slapped fellow Stooge, Curly, repeatedly until he came up with a vision which would eventually lead to the creation of Keeping up with the Kardasians.  It was recently determined by the Phinicky Physicist Federation of Tuft (PPFT), that all of these inventions combined to cause the 1976 Hindenburg Zeppelin disaster by little known Featherologist, Doctor Earnest Von Downy, in a fissiony, fiery, slap happy way kind of way. Dr. Von Downy, who received a Doctorate in Duck Feather Technology from Qvack University in Berlin, became the first and only physicist to developed warm fission by combining duck feathers with everyday household items, mainly a helicopter beanie and an empty egg shell. The technical scope of Von Downy's invention is well beyond the mental capacity of ordinary writers and readers. A more scientific explanation can be found in the Sunday Comics section of the Washington Post. In an egg shell, what can be said about warm fission is that it can only occur at the exact temperature of 74.234 degrees Fahrenheit or -43.343 degrees Celsius. For this article we will be using the Fahrenheit temperature as Celsius is way too cold.  Von Downy's discovery did not occur in Germany. It was conceived in the United States in the state of New Jersey. Apparently, in his early years, Von Downy made an attempt to impress Adolph Hitler with his invention of schnapps laced with duck feathers. Hitler scoffed at the idea, called him a Qvack and sent him to the New Jersey Shore to be a spy in the American pillow making industry. In his memoirs, Von Downy reminisced that in hindsight, he should have presented Hitler his other idea which was schnapps laced with gold, but he felt that at the time it would have been even sillier than the duck feather idea. While on the New Jersey Shore, Von Downy spent years of failed experimentation that literally blew up entire towns and city blocks, while he tried to find the exact variables which would eventually lead to warm fission. While the damage from his experiments was extensive, he was never arrested or cited for any crime as, in each instance, he explained to the local constabulary the damages were caused by a mere grease fire that got out of control. This probably explains why the Jersey Shore is in the state it is in today, which is New Jersey. On that fateful day in 1999, Dr Von Downy was performing a warm fission test with help from his lab assistant, Whirly Dim Cretin. Dim Cretin was a German student who was exchanged for a much smarter and brighter American one. Whirly Dim Cretin was to wear what was termed the Beaneggy, which was a device that consisted of a helicopter beanie with the egg shell filled warm fission energy source set between the propeller and beanie top. He was to fly off the ground 10 feet straight up and then back down once the ambient temperature hit precisely 74.234 degrees Fahrenheit. Unfortunately, the Beaneggy was too small to fit on Dim Cretin's head which led Von Downy to take a sledge hammer to it while it was still askew on his assistant's head. It took several good whacks to pound the Beaneggy in place, which, unfortunately cased damage to its propeller. Once it was set and the temperature variable was hit, Von Downy started the warm fission reactor by eating a burrito and then burping over its outer eggshell housing. Once started, Dim Cretin was lifted not straight upwards at a 90 degree angle but tangentially at a cute 65 degree angle due to the bent propeller and right into the nose of the docking Hindenburg. Once it got near to the Zeppelin, a cool breeze kicked up from the north causing the ambient air temperature to drop 74.23399999 .0001 degrees Fahrenheit. According to PPFT, this temperature change caused the burrito burp to become encapsulated by the ionized and iodized duck feathers which, everyone knows will always result in a Chernobyl syndrome that, not only blew up the Hindenburg, but, also created the Meadowlands as well as Atlantic City.Customers and Critics Agree - Apple's New iDick Dildo A Huge Flop
Apple's attempt at the world's first completely "interactive" dildo, the iDick, is a big disappointment, to both Apple and dildo fans alike. Mostly middle aged women lined up for hours outside Apple's flagship San Francisco Store hoping to be first to get their hands on the much anticipated rubber appliance. The strongest complaints came from customers who tried using it in conjunction with other Apple products. Writer's at Tech Mag USA singled out what happens when it's recharged using an Apple Computer, "The iDick icon freezes onto the computer screen and even shutting the computer down won't get it to come off." The iDick also flaps wildly to signal its recharge is complete. "I imagine it will go off bouncing across café tables pretty regularly and end up knocking over a lot of people's drinks," said Santa Cruz native Julie Mackey.  Others who had waited all night for the iDick complained it doesn't come with a foreskin option. "I studied abroad in England for two years and prefer a European dick," said Mackey. Three Asian American girls nearby said, "In England, they call their hard-ons 'wood.'" Others complain that the iDick comes in only one size. "8.5 inches is pretty modest," said a glum woman, inspecting an iDick. "And where are the balls?" Some threatened legal action for false advertising.  "The advertisements on all the buses around here made it look flipping huge!" Said an angry woman. Her husband agreed. Most women who streamed into the store when it opened didn't leave with a new iDick. The company had to admit that it probably needed to do more intensive and in depth marketing work before finalizing its product design.  "Clearly, this release came way too early," a spokeswoman said. "We banked too much on the Apple name and didn't think to find out what the Apple customer would want in a fake, rubbery penis." She said it just might be that there was no real demand for an Apple Dildo in the end. "I guess there are some tech industry lessons you just have to learn the hard way." Apple stores all over the country now have shelves lined with iDick dildos. "Really, they need to just admit the whole idea was a failure and get rid of them," said another Santa Cruz resident who said she'd hitchhiked all the way to San Francisco to be one of the first Bay Area iDick owners. Another lady agreed. "The store looks ridiculous, with all those dildos everywhere and all the store employees running around holding them in their hands and pointing them at your face." Another woman complained, "I just came in here wanting directions to Macy's not to be accosted by all these obnoxious, arrogant, little 20 year old, cutie Asian girls and horn rimmed spectacled, white homosexuals rushing at me with undulating, pink rubber johnsons in their hands." She said they kept pestering her to go into one of their new "fitting rooms" and try it, and wouldn't take no for an answer. "They were quite pushy," she said."I said screw it and just bought some new headphones."  She said from the outside, the site of the pandemonium of employees running all over with the vibrating peckers and middle aged women customers dodging them, some using display laptop computers as shields was like something out of a Fellini movie. "Fifty years ago, someone would have called the cops," she said. Apple stock has been down significantly on news of the iDick disaster. Analysts say the NASDAQ stock will bounce back, but most agree that it won't if it insists on making them.Blows To The Head Make 9-Year-Old A Man
The NFL runs "Moms Clinics" through an operation called "USA Football." It targets moms who determine which sport their kids will play. It is an effort to show that children's football is safe. But kid football isn't safe. As background, Pop Warner Little Scholars Inc., is open to children as young as 5 years old and as light as 35 pounds and thousands of children play in "pee wee" leagues with boys whose ages vary from 5 to 14 plays.  They are part of youth-football-industrial complex-3 million players and tens of millions of dollars in revenue, backed by the NFL, college football, equipment manufacturers, and other sports businesses. Research shows that boys repeatedly being hit in the head through tackle football during a time of brain development, under the age of 12, have poor cognition. But "The concussions, the violence on the field, and the manic parents and coaches who push children as young as 6 to play a dangerous game are part of the sport," says Brian Morgan, who co-founded the Texas Football League.  "In Texas, all football is next to the Bible and the Flag in importance," said Morgan. " My 9-year-old TFL football kid is a true miniature man who loves God, guts and glory."My child will be able to defend American values when we invade countries like Iraq.   My kid will make a better soldier than a child who has never had concussions like he has. That makes him tough to fight for American ideals and the military-industrial-complex," said Morgan.NASA Just Goes Ahead and Launches Satellite
NASA today said it launched a $952 million satellite this morning “just for the hell of it.” “Oh, what the fuck,” said NASA Project Manager James Arnaut, recalling his final words before hitting the launch button.The TRW-built satellite, carried on board a Delta II rocket, entered a sun-synchronous orbit 19 minutes later, “maybe, we’re not sure, and we don’t care,” Arnaut said.Added NASA satellite systems director Francis Cormley: “Vrrrroooooommmmm!!!!“Intel Has Smaller Chips; AMD Has Smaller Employees
In response to Intel’s statement that it will produce transistors only three atoms wide by 2005, rival chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices announced today that most of its employees are no more than 14 inches tall. AMD, however, refused to allow reporters into its facilities to verify the claim. “We would, but we can’t reach the doorknobs to let you in,” spokesman Ravi Chalani said in a phone interview.AMD’s assertion comes a day after Intel boasted it will soon pack 400 million tiny transistors on a chip running at 10GHz. The Sunnyvale-based AMD has made no such chip claim, but insisted employee size directly relates to chip size. “It’s just common sense that smaller employees will eventually translate into ever smaller chips,” said Chalani, noting that smaller employees have smaller hands and are also naturally predisposed to “think small.” Meanwhile, AMD chief executive Jerry Sanders has been working with a miniaturization coach and can now only be found with an electron microscope, Chalani added.Citing competitive concerns, an Intel spokesman refused to reveal the average height of its workers, but a former Intel executive, speaking on condition of anonymity, said most Intel employees were between 5’2″ and 6’4″.Google To Buy Facebook In First $1 Trillion Acquisition
In a move that could spell the end of the online world as we know it, Google has announced plans to purchase Facebook in the first ever trillion-dollar acquisition. The multi-trillion dollar tech giant has long been linked with the social media empire, after its own version, Google Plus, failed to attract the same sort of dedicated users that Facebook has.“This is exciting news,” said a sweaty, blustering, bespectacled, morbidly obese geek. “The idea of Google taking over the next biggest chunk of the web has previously been vaunted, but I never thought it would happen in my lifetime. I mean, look at me. I spend most of my time on my ass eating bacon off my unwashed body in my mother’s basement. How many more years am I likely to survive? I’m a heart attack weighting [sic] to happen. Pardon the pun, heh heh.”Others were not so enthusiastic about the rumors.“I know everyone’s freaked out about the government having all their info, and that’s kinda my fault,” said NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden from somewhere in Russia. “But Google is who we really need to worry about. We willingly give them our life secrets, hoping they’ll keep it for us so that we never lose it. I have no doubt they’re grooming some naive intern to take over the world. Now they’re gonna have Facebook too? Oy vey!”Mark Zuckerberg earlier denied reports that he was willing to sell his brainchild, even going so far as to change the tagline on the Facebook log-in page to read, “It’s mine and always will be.”He later changed his stance, however, after Google came back to them with such an outrageous offer.“Well, I always said that money was not what Facebook was about, despite really only caring about ad revenue, going public, and making me filthy rich,” said Zuckerberg. “Still – it was about people, not money. That said, who would turn down a trillion dollars? A trillion dollars?! Nobody, that’s who. Nobody on the face of the planet would turn down that kind of money. And only Google has the balls to fork it over to get what they want.”Rumors that the company will change the name of the social media giant from Facebook to Googlebook could not be confirmed.New Attention Deficit Drug Is… Um…
Drugmaker Eli Lilly and Co. on Wednesday said that late-stage tests of its experimental treatment for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) showed it to be look there’s a squirrel I don’t like that song.  “Hello, I wonder what’s in my pocket?” Lilly researcher Dr. Martin Schank told reporters at a press conference.  “Before I begin, I’d like to thank you all for coming,” Schank said while driving home several hours later.U.S. BRAIN MAPPING PROJECT TO BE BASED ON APPLE MAPS
Apple today announced its mapping software will be used in the government’s new $100 billion brain mapping project, a decision that has already produced breakthroughs as the software shows the brain is located not inside the human skull as previously thought, but is instead just off the Belt Parkway in Queens.Apple Maps initial scan of the brain produced unexpected results.“What we’re really looking for is a road map to the brain, and Apple’s mapping software is perfect in that, like the brain, how it works is a mystery,” said President Obama. “Just think. There are 86 billion neurons in the brain, and thanks to Apple, we’ll be able to accurately locate each and every one out of a hundred of them.” Some analysts decried Apple’s historically buggy mapping application, arguing it “couldn’t navigate its way out of a paper bag.” The company, however, called that assertion unproven, pointing out that they haven’t been able to find the bag they put it in since August. Once in full swing, the project is expected to help solve a bevy of neurological problems. Using Apple Maps, for instance, researchers say they can learn how to reroute signals in the event of brain injury. “Let’s say some axons, or pathways, in your right brain are damaged,” said Apple project director Khalid Gwanjami. “We need to reroute. So we type in, ‘Where is the nearest undamaged axon?’ And the answer is… Sausalito.” President Obama said Apple executives were supposed to be present at the launch announcement last Tuesday, but they got lost on the way to the White House, which, it turns out, is not in western Canada.Americans Told to Have Sex with the Dutch
Reacting to a new          report claiming young people in the Netherlands are less likely than their American          counterparts to          get pregnant or carry sexually transmitted diseases, U.S. health officials today announced that America’s teens          should have sex with the Dutch.   “If this study is correct, young people in the Netherlands are much          safer for our young people to have sex with,” said Health and Human Services          Secretary Tommy Thompson. “Therefore, if you’re going to have sex anyway,          the U.S. government would like you to do it with a Dutch person.”  Thompson added that officials in the Netherlands were not asked their opinion        on the new “Dutch sex is safe sex” program. “They might have said no,” he        explained.  Across the United States, meanwhile, thousands of high school students          were busily amending their virginity-till-marriage pledge cards, promising          to remain chaste until they meet a citizen of the Netherlands.   I want to wait for my true love,  And so I pledge this now much, I will remain a virgin till, I take my wedding vow I meet somebody Dutch.Tiny Net Company Insists It’s a Goddamned Bellwether
Bart Garmon, president and chief executive officer of BartGarmon.com, a now solo Web design shop that is shedding employees and quickly running out of cash, insists his ailing firm should be considered an “Internet bellwether” alongside Cisco, Yahoo, and “all those other major goddamned technology companies.” “You know what, there are more Internet companies like mine than there are like fuckin’ Oracle, so why is it only the big players get to be bellwethers?” asked Garmon. “I’m going through the same shit, but I don’t see the Wall Street Journal writing, ‘If you want to know how the industry is hurting, look no further than Internet bellwethers Yahoo and BartGarmon.com.” Garmon acknowledged that things haven’t been going well at home lately, either.EARTH’S WARRANTY EXPIRES
As if the ravages of war, climate change, and a weak global economy weren’t bad enough, officials today announced that Earth’s warranty has expired.With the warranty expiration, Earth can no longer be replaced if lost or stolen.“Naturally, right? Just when stuff starts to break down. How do they know that?” said U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon, who conceded he got the expiration notice in the mail, “maybe a month ago,” and had meant to do something about it.Under the terms of the warranty, Nature was responsible for fixing Earth’s mechanical and structural problems for the first 6 billion years or 6 x 1020 billion miles, whichever came first. While the planet has not yet reached the age limit, it has long since surpassed the mileage threshold.As a result, Earth’s inhabitants are now responsible for all internal lubricated parts of Earth, including the inner and outer core, mantle, lithosphere, asthenosphere and troposphere, and atmosphere, as well as continental drift, seismic activity and tectonic subduction, vulcanization and any damage to base, sills, dikes, flanks, cones, vents and conduits. Oceanic, limnologic and fluvial damage is also no longer covered, nor is rotating the geomagnetic poles once every million years.With Nature no longer guaranteeing the work, scientists agree it will take no small amount of ingenuity to handle  geophysical and environmental maintenance and repair, particularly now.“Honestly,  the timing couldn’t be worse,” said Danish glaciologist Jens  Jaskeleinen. “We’ve got hurricane season here, we’ve got major earthquakes  all over the place, and the ice caps are falling into the sea. I’ll tell you one  thing, this is going to take a lot of fucking duct tape.” There is also the sourcing issue. The warranty covered labor and parts – parts that will now be difficult to come by.“We’ll have to rely on the after-market,” lamented CERN physicist Lars Neusome. “We can buy a peninsula or a glacier made in China, but I guarantee it won’t fit. Thanks a lot U.N.”“Back off, OK?” said Ki-Moon. “You know I told the U.S. Geologic Survey and the Royal Academy of Science about it, too. I even told the dolphins. They knew. Why don’t you get on their case?”Some, however, have welcomed the expiration, arguing the warranty was far from perfect due to the expensive deductible.“It wasn’t great coverage to be honest,” said Lita Serotti, a meteorologist at the U.S. National Weather Service. “Like with big natural disasters, Earth was always ‘repaired,’ eventually, but there was a 10,000-person deductible. You gotta read the small print.”Israel Offers Palestinians Virtual State For Only $49.95 a Month
Proposing a compromise he hopes will ensure his nation’s security, Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak announced Israel will allow the Palestinians to form an independent nation, but only on the Internet. The offer calls for the Palestinians to take up residence on a shared Israeli Web server, but otherwise allows them to “control their own destiny,” insisted Barak, who added the Palestinians would be responsible for their own virtual police, education, and technical support. The Palestinians would pay Israel $49.95 a month to host the space, or $69.95 for the special “Deluxe Virtual Nation Package,” which includes Microsoft’s Site Server Commerce Edition 3.0. Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who is on record demanding that a separate Palestine be carved out of the West Bank, Gaza Strip, and eastern Jerusalem, quickly attacked the proposal. “We have ‘shared’ our space with Israel long enough,” Arafat said in a statement. “I will not sit down with Mr. Barak’s government unless they guarantee us a fully-dedicated, independent server. And they must waive the $25 set-up fee.”AMERICANS ANNOYED BY “ALL THIS INTERNATIONAL SHIT” ON INTERNET
The profusion of international news available on the Internet has made it increasingly difficult for the average American to ignore the rest of the world, a trend researchers say threatens Americans’ long, proud history of disregarding anything not about them. “With all the foreign newspapers and multi-cultural sites, the Internet is making it almost impossible for the average American to remain uninformed and apathetic,” said Samantha Lessborn of Washington State University, which conducted the survey. “Americans can still do it. But it now takes effort, whereas before it was as easy as turning off Tom Brokaw whenever he said ‘In South Korea today…’” According to survey participant Danny Grisham, a 22-year-old from Cheyenne, Wyoming, it’s not just the plethora of international news on the Web that is irritating. “Look, I can get around the news. I just turn off Reuters headlines in MyYahoo,” he said. “But even some of the search sites like Yahoo and Google are available in different languages. Like everybody in the world doesn’t speak English. Yeah, right.” “I can see where it’s important if we are, like, beating some country in the Olympics or bombing them or, ideally, both,” Grisham added. “But if some Colombian drug lord sinks a ferry full of Israeli soldiers in North Latvoania or Serbo-Malaysia, or wherever, and Americans aren’t involved, what has that got to do with me?” Other respondents said they were appalled, not just by the availability of non-U.S. news, but by the way important U.S. news is reported by some of these foreign sites. “Yesterday, for instance, the St. Louis Rams beat the Atlanta Falcons, OK, and I go to the London Times site and it’s not even there,” said Chip Pernadge of Kansas City, Mo. “Jesus, no wonder those guys lost the war and had to give Hong Kong back to Canada.” Sensing a market opportunity, Net Nanny, makers of Net Nanny filtering software, announced this week it will introduce NetNarrow, an English-only product that automatically filters out content that appears to be international. Specifically, the software looks for world datelines and keywords indicative of irrelevant foreign stories, including “Shiite,” “post-Apartheid,” and “Bob Geldof.” Survey-taker Craig Barker of Brooklyn, New York, said he will be among the first to get NetNarrow. “On the Web, there are so many ways to get news from so many different places, I could really get some fresh insights into what’s going on in other countries if I wanted to,” he said. “But I don’t want to.” “You’d think these Internet people would know that,” Barker added. “I mean, that’s why the Internet is called America Online, right? It’s supposed to be about America.” Editor’s Note: It seems that after reading this entirely fictional story, some investors/customers of Net Nanny believed the company actually was going to produce NetNarrow software. As a result, Net Nanny asked SatireWire to please assure people that this is not the case. No, really.CUBISTS LAUNCH UNNAVIGABLE WEB SITE
The International Society of Cubists officially launched its Web site today, a brilliant rejection of natural form and perspective that metaphysically establishes the implication of movement, analytically redefines spatial relationships, and is an absolute bitch to navigate. “What the hell is this? I can’t tell how to get anywhere,” one of the site’s first visitors told the Cubist Society’s Webmaster-Curator, Paulo Cassat. “Is this art, or is this a Web site?” “Thank you,” Cassat responded. Click image for full viewAccording to Society President Francisco Bernioz, the group launched the site to bring attention to Cubism, which was founded in the early 20th Century by Pablo Picasso and Georges Braque. The Society also hopes to establish a scholarship fund for young cubist painters and sculptors. However, at a public showing of the site here in Spain’s capital, most initial visitors were clearly uncomfortable with the design, especially the artists the site intends to help. “This site is going to turn people off,” complained one young sculptor. “I mean, how do I get from the home page to, say, the fundraising form?” “You must be willing to abandon your pre-conceived notions of traditional Web design,” replied Bernioz, “and disregard its nefarious standards of foreshortening, modeling, and chiaroscuro (the distribution of light and shade).” “Uh-huh. But how do I find the link?” the young man persisted. “You must embrace the idea that the link exists,” said Bernioz, “for once that idea is established, form itself can be forgotten.” “You don’t know where it is, do you?” “Not specifically, no,” Bernioz conceded. “It’s there somewhere. I think on a nonsequential parallel plane right behind the polygonal search box.” The site – digital graphics, text, and HTML on browser – has fared no better with art critics, who immediately accused the cubists of stealing the absurd navigation and layout from MSNBC.com. Editor’s Note: Due to popular inquiry, we are forced to make the following statement: there is no cubist Web site. It is a fictional site review by a real person. For real site reviews by a fictional person, please see Mr. Clickwell.BAD PLANET! JUPITER DOING SOMETHING WRONG
For the second time in a week, humanity watched in fear and awe as a mysterious arm, estimated to be some 3 million light years across, once again appeared to part the black fabric of space, point an angry finger directly at Jupiter, and shout, “No!” The arm immediately withdrew and has not been seen since.Image courtesy NASA/Hubble Space Telescope“I don’t know what Jupiter keeps doing, but it must be pretty bad,” theorized Cal Tech astrophysicist Miles Hoffman, one of many scientists, theologians and world leaders who have been scrambling for clues to the strongly worded rebukes. Hoffman, whose team had been focused on Jupiter since the first “No!” incident last Saturday, said the solar system’s largest planet was not doing anything out of the ordinary when the hand appeared again Tuesday, but conceded he still doesn’t know what sort of misbehavior he should be looking for. “Well, the ionized protons in Jupiter’s metallic hydrogen core do emit a sort of low-level hum,” said Hoffman. “If you’re on the phone, or trying to sleep, that can be annoying.” But others insist the appearances, each of which lasted approximately 5 seconds, were no less than messages from The Creator. “It’s like when you point to an electrical outlet and say to your baby, ‘No!’ You’re teaching him not to play with dangerous things,” said the Rev. Marilyn Beecher, a minister in Melbourne, Australia. “Maybe God is warning us not to play with Jupiter. Maybe Jupiter is electrical. Or poisonous. Or maybe it bites. Whatever the case, I think a big ‘Thank you, God!’ is in order.” But some say God, if that’s who is behind the incidents, is not doing enough. “I would be much more stern with Jupiter,” said Tokyo-based child psychologist Hiroshi Yamoto. “The first time I might have said ‘No,’ but after that, it’s the time-out chair, mister.” “Time-outs don’t do a thing,” countered noted Russian parenting counselor Irina Vladiskaya. “Jupiter should be spanked.” IS JUPITER A HO? Despite the general consensus about the occurrences, a growing number of people insist the word “No!” was not what they heard on the two occasions. At Cambridge University, astronomer Brian McTeague believes the sound wave signature was distorted by solar radiation as it approached Earth, and theorizes the actual word was “Ho!” Unlike the inexplicable “No!”, McTeague said the accusatory “Ho!” would be a logical censure for the gas giant.  “I’ve had my eye on Jupiter for many years, and with that swirling, swollen pink spot roiling around on its surface like some great licentious bullseye, Jupiter gives every indication of being a ho,” said McTeague. “I for one think we should send a big probe up to that skanky ho planet, and I volunteer to drive it.” “Ho” or “No,” one thing most humans seem to agree on is that the arm has obliterated their self-centered view of the universe, and given them a renewed sense of what’s really important. As Miami resident Andrew Burke noted: “What do you think would sell better, T-shirts that say “JUPITER, NO!” or ones that say, “Just Say No To Jupiter!”? I want to get this order to the printer by 5 o’clock.”WARNING ISSUED VIRUS
Many the major Internet security firms today issued a warning the PrepNaught virus, which comes attached an email and automatically erases prepositions all files a user’s hard drive. Said a spokesman McAfee Associates: “It is great concern us.”Iowa Farmer Breeds Three Legged Chickens; KFC Plans ’3 Drumstick Meals’
Iowa farmer Warren Milledge has a lot to be proud of lately. He has a new grand-daughter, was recognized by the local Grange for 40 years of service, and as a lifelong chicken farmer, he has been the first person to successfully bred a three-legged chicken.“I’m naturally most proud of our new grand baby, Sunny Ann Milledge,”  said in an interview on his Marshalltown Pike farmstead. “Eight pounds, seven ounces and giggles and gurgles all day long. Gosh, we love that baby! “But those three-legger hens are surely an amazing miracle.”Milledge, a 1977 graduate of the University of Iowa Cedar Rapids Agriculture program, explained how he came up with the idea a three legged chicken in the first place. “You see, it was when there were just the three of us, this was before our son Benjamin was married. I love a drumstick, Ben loves a drumstick, and mother loves a drumstick, but as you know a chicken only has two legs so only two drumsticks. That meant roasting two chickens each time so there were enough drumsticks.”Milledge says that at first, it was just a joke around the house that they should try to somehow breed a three-legged chicken. Then after joking about it for several months, it started to become less of a joke, and more of an intriguing possibility.“One day a Divine Providence visited this humble Iowa farm,” said Milledge. “A chick was born with two normal legs and a smaller, non-functioning leg that sort of twitched a bit. You’ve probably seen pictures of two-headed snakes or two-headed cows and sheep and whatnot. Well, this was along those lines.”“Normally those freak animals don’t survive birth, but this little chicken, we eventually found out he was a rooster, was very lively so I chose him for breeding and after a few peeps, which is what we call bunches of newborn chicks for you city fellers, we got two more chicks with those little legs. So we started breeding those two with the rooster and eventually achieved chicks with fully functional third legs. There was a short piece in Iowa Farmer’s Digest and that’s when KFC got involved.”Purvis Jones, a spokesperson for KFC, confirmed that the fast food company has taken a keen interest in the three-legged chickens, and have approached Milledge with the idea of being one of their key breeders.“The long range plan for us is to offer meals with three drumsticks, but that is a few years away. Right now, we are working with Mr. Milledge to breed a solid base of three-legged chickens for production. He has about two hundred chickens now, but we need to see flocks in the many thousands before the three-leggers are commercially viable for us.  Right now, three-legged chick births are only running about 60% and we’d like to see some improvement in those numbers. Plus, there’s the other problem,” Said Jones, deferring to the Milledge Farm for further comment.“Yep, that’s true,” said Milledge, with a slight laugh. “The problem, well…we have a big problem with the three-leggers. You see, we don’t yet know how these chickens taste because, well, do you have any idea how fast a three-legged chicken can run? Well, it’s pretty fast, I’ll tell you fer darn sure. We haven’t caught one yet.”Once Milledge is finally able to catch and sample the chicken meat, KFC will request samples for their future meal plans.Nuke Waste Repository Could Turn Moon Into Wasteland
President Bush blasted a plan unveiled Thursday that calls for depositing nuclear waste on the Moon, arguing the radioactive material could turn the lunar surface into a vast, uninhabitable wasteland. “Imagine a place where nothing would grow, where naturally occurring life would be nonexistent, where humans would only be able to survive by wearing special suits and breathing through air tanks,” said Bush, who favors Yucca Mountain, Nev., as a national waste repository. “If this idea of burying nuclear waste on the Moon comes to pass, then what you’d be left with up there is nothing but a great big lifeless hunk of rock.” The lunar idea, proposed by Sherwin Gormly, an environmental engineer for Reno, Nev.-based Tetra Tech EM Inc., would carry waste to the Moon on missiles that, if they escaped Earth intact, would theoretically drive into the lunar surface and bury the cargo. Because the Moon has no hydrosphere, Gormly insisted the problem of waste migration – the contamination of groundwater – would be eliminated. Bush, however, reasoned that the absence of water would only make detection more difficult. “In Nevada, we’ll know if the water’s contaminated ’cause it will show up in tests,” he said. “But on the Moon, we can’t test it. So we’ll never really know for sure.”MYSTERY DISEASE AFFECTS ONE IN NEARLY EVERY HUMAN BEING
It is known by many names: Common Fulgent Peplepsia, Magnate’s Curiosity Disease, Pendleton’s Old Forthwith, The Kitchen Dropsy, Partial Suggestive Consumption, Captain Abraham’s Pitchpole, Male Pattern Balls Cup, The Widow Confuser, The Belching Flirts, Mazelcoffin, Screamy Screamy Run Run, Pre-Seasonal Objective Disorder, Knackered’s Delight, and The Kissing Cyster, but one thing is universally known: Aparalytic Contradysfunctional Exoficial Disorder, or ACED, affects one in nearly every human being between the ages in the world. Yes, it is that widespread.If you have ACED, please don't take pictures. Ugh. Forty years ago, even ten years ago, but for a brief period six years ago, ACED was never diagnosed. Just as people with ADHD were once labeled hyperactive, or overly impulsive, or inattentive, or, medically speaking, “kind of annoying,” people with what we now call ACED were once written off as easily barked, or simple, or self-neutering, or just… slightly, among other things. Today research tells us that ACED is a complicated, confusing, often misdiagnosed disease, especially when diagnosed. And we know that the more researchers learn, the less we realize we know more, which in itself may be a sign that the researchers themselves have ACED. What we do know about ACED is that there are more questions than answers. Questions such as: What are the symptoms of ACED? How can it be treated? Will insurance pay for treatment? Should your child go to a school just for ACED kids? What if your doctor says you or someone you love or have fantasized about has ACED? What if your doctor has ACED and wants to sell it to you? What do you do if a teacher says your child has ACED, or if a teacher says he or she is gay? This guide can’t answer all those questions, but you, extrapolating from this guide, should be able to answer those questions. If you can’t, you may have ACED. This guide will, however, not help you learn how to cut through the red tape and get what you need from doctors, teachers, schools, healthcare providers, coaches, employers, mid-level management, your local postal worker, security personnel, unlicensed hypnotherapists, stevedores, lighting directors, crossing guards, riverboat captains, invasive species of broadleaf weeds, authors, editors, starlings, police, fire, and emergency services personnel, habadashers, scientists, the Dish Network, the American Automobile Association, the Federal Emergency Management Association, MI6, 1-800-Flowers, the Attorneys General of 42 states, club bouncers, frequent flyer programs, the Lake Oswego Dam Association, your timeshare, the sun, car rental agencies, trade negotiators, nitrogen-rich soils, Canadian pharmacies, shepherds, small claims adjusters, mobile phone representatives, carnies, maple syrup distributors, Carson Daly, friends of friends, people who cramp up when not properly stretched, morally flexible members of the International Olympic Committee, large animal veterinarians, and the clean-up professionals at 1-800-ServPro.People with ACED sometimes enjoy freaking out unhatched chicks by bathing them in eery light and whispering the word 'Fox.' So, what are the symptoms of ACED? Symptoms run the gamut from 0 to Z. Among them are: confusion; calm to violent moods; slumping between thoughts; using the hands to form symbols or signs of greeting; being needlessly anecdotal, secretly apocryphal, or involuntarily topical. People with ACED also often show signs of wariness, didactic toiletry, stringent obsessive abstrusity, or malfeasant sweating. They can be easily poked, quick to react to loud foreskins, and clumsy with bears. Though present at birth, ACED sometimes does not manifest itself for hours, or sometimes decades, or even years after death. Overnight, a seemingly happy, healthy person suddenly wakes to find their nipples imperceptibly smaller, foods taste longer, and that someone named Wilson has borrowed their pants.  Is ACED contagious? Researchers say ACED is not contagious. This from the World Health Organization: “’ACED is absolutely non-communicable’ — is what we’ll tell the general public because we don’t want to start a worldwide panic by revealing that it is, in fact, absurdly contagious. Remember to redact all but the first bit of this statement.”  I think I have been exposed to ACED. What should I do? Drink plenty of water.Cook meat and poultry thoroughly.Immediately wash your clothing in a mixture of salt water, vinegar, and regret.Check your skin for redness, itching, bumps, wrinkles, pores, follicles, and general stretchability. Note any changes. Remove any skin that is not your own.Run for 20 miles in an attempt to “out-run” the virus. After 20 miles, keep going. Never stop. I think I have ACED. What should I do? Call 911 but be vague, so as not to cause a panic.Find someone to spend the rest of your life with, even someone irritating at this point.Elevate your feet above your heart. Urinate on exposed areas.Meditate to reduce anxiety and keep you from focusing on certain death.Buy a small pickup truck — used is fine — and drive to the nearest emergency room. Ask for Tess. If no one named Tess is employed there, wait until someone is.Think about what you could have done with your life if only you had been someone else.Cook meat and poultry thoroughly.  Is there any way to detect ACED early? Yes. Swallow a canary. As long as it keeps singing, you do not have ACED. (Note: Canaries may have ACED)Scientists believe ACED can be avoided by starving your hand of oxygen.  Is it OK to go on vacation with ACED? Yes. If you want to ruin everyone else’s vacation. Does ACED impair driving? Don’t know. Will ACED make it difficult for my child to make friends? Don’t know. Do bullies pick on kids with ACED? Probably. We would. Will ACED medication interfere with my other medications? How much fun will I have finding out? There are currently no medications clinically approved to treat ACED. We suggest trying various combinations of existing medicines. That’s what we did while writing this guide. What if my initials are ACED? Does that mean I have it? Stands to reason. I still don’t understand exactly what ACED is. Is that a sign that I have it? If we had to guess? Yeah. This guide doesn’t really make sense. Is it possible that the author has ACED? Cook meat and poultry thoroughly.SCIENTIST SPLITS ATOM, FINDS TOY PRIZE INSIDE
A Princeton physicist           recently split an atom of hydrogen and found a toy prize inside, the journal           Science reported in its May issue.In this colorized photo, physicist Enrico Fermi brags about the plastic whistle he found after splitting open a uranium atom.“It was just a cheap plastic clicker you use to make cricket sounds,           and it broke, like, the second time I used it, but it was the surprise           I found most satisfying,” said Prof. Harold Lumiere of the Princeton Plasma           Physics Laboratory.     Science noted that it was the first prize found inside an atom           since Allison Wyatt of Cambridge University discovered a magic puzzle           toy in a lithium atom in February. For Lumiere, it was the first time           in his 15-year, atom-splitting career that he has come across anything           more than the normal protons, gluons, and quarks.     “I know that over at MIT, Hendricks has amassed an entire collection           of little gewgaws – spinning tops, decoder rings, stickers,” he           said. “He is so lucky. I hate him.”     And well he should. Atomic prizes are so rare as to drive scientists           into the field of physics, and then, quite often, drive them mad. Legendary           theoretical physicist Richard Feynman, in fact, first became interested           in nuclear fission after watching a professor at Cal Tech discover a mystery           motion fun card inside an Iodine atom. Feynman himself, however, never           knew that joy. This deficiency caused him to declare, on his death, that           despite his Nobel, he had failed to win the only real prize in physics.     Even Enrico Fermi, a pioneer of fission, had to wait nearly 10 years           before discovering a plastic whistle inside a newly split nucleus of uranium.           “He was so happy, he just cried and cried,” wrote colleague Edward Teller           in his 1952 book, “The Physicists Guide to Isotopal Isolation and Collectible           Atomic Prizes.”     “For days after, Enrico kept running around the lab, his fingers to           his lips, trying to play that whistle,” Teller recalled. “Of course, we           couldn’t hear it, but he said he could. He was such a goof.”    More than half a century later, perceptibility remains an issue with           physicists. “You can’t do much with (the toys) because they’re infinitesimally           small,” said Lumiere. “You can only play with them under an electron microscope,           and if you have to sneeze, kiss it goodbye.”     Some winners, meanwhile, have been forced to part with their prizes           without so much as exhaling. In his book “Bohr, Baubles, and the Bomb:           Why the Nazis Lost the Nuclear Race,” historian Everson White recounts           how Hitler’s quest to build the ultimate weapon was thwarted by his own           policies that claimed atomic prizes were the property of the Third Reich.           Danish physicist Niels Bohr, a fission pioneer, fled occupied Denmark           after learning of the policy, while German colleague Werner Heisenberg           stayed behind but sabotaged the program after Goering confiscated a “Hi           Score” pinball game Heisenberg found in a phosphorous atom.     Ironically, while the lure of tiny tokens has shaped history and led           scientists to unravel much of the riddle of the atom, the existence of           the prizes themselves is perhaps the greatest mystery facing physics today.           Who, they still wonder, put the prizes there?     Many have proposed theories. Einstein thought it was aliens. Niels Bohr           suspected it was Einstein. Ernest Rutherford conjectured that the prizes           were natural formations.     But most physicists today accept the argument espoused by Nobel laureate           Ernest Walton, who along with John Cockcroft split the atom in 1932. In           early 1946, Walton was thrilled to discover a decoder ring and secret           message inside a carbon atom. After four days of painstaking work, he           finally deciphered the message: “Sorry,” it read, “you’re not a winner.           Try again.”     “That’s gotta be God,” Walton reportedly said.AOL Offers 25 Years Free Access For First Month
America Online, which recently launched a membership drive offering 700 hours of free Internet access in the first month, outdid itself today by announcing that new members can now get 25 years of free Internet access during the one-month trial period. Analysts were skeptical, noting that a month, as a general rule, lasts for 30 days. But AOL called that “myopic” marketing. “You just have to look at this positively,” said AOL spokesman Edith McCarthy. “For example, let’s say you sign up Sept. 1 and you email a picture of your new baby girl to grandma. Well, 25 absolutely free years later, which would be Sept. 30, you can email that same daughter when she finishes grad school.”“Really, a whole lot could happen in 25 years,” McCarthy added. “Heck, you could die in 25 years. That would be like getting free Internet access for one month for life! God, this is such a great offer.”MP3 TO STEAL, SELL YOUR STUFF
Stunned that a court ruled its unauthorized distribution of music through an online database broke copyright laws, MP3.Com announced this morning it still believes in its business model, but will abandon music and instead sell people’s personal items without their consent. Said MP3 Chief Executive Michael Robertson: “Let’s see ‘em try to find something wrong with that.”92 Percent Of Web Sites Made in China
In yet another disturbing sign that the Internet continues to be little more than a reflection of American culture, a new study by New York University today revealed that nine out of ten Web sites are made in China.To conduct the study, NYU researchers said they simply looked on the back of Web sites to find the familiar words “Made in China.”DOOMSDAY CLOCK TO USE DAYLIGHT SAVINGS; WORLD ENDS MARCH 11
The Doomsday Clock, which gauges threats to humanity and is now set at just 5 minutes to midnight, will “spring forward” one hour in March to account for Daylight Savings Time, a decision scientists say will bring it in line with other official timepieces and unfortunately cause the world to end. Maintained by the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists at the University of Chicago, the famous clock’s hands estimate the amount of time Earth has left before global destruction due to nuclear war, climate change and the like. Thanks to a campus-wide directive requiring all University of Chicago timepieces to be synchronized, the clock will be moved forward by one hour on March 11, 2012, meaning the hands will read 5 minutes before one in the morning, a solid 55 minutes too late for humanity.Bulletin executive director Kennette Benedict said he wasn’t happy about the directive, and apologized for any inconvenience it may cause.“We’ve never used Daylight Savings before, and I tried to argue that we can’t change this particular clock because of the danger, but you know how bureaucracies are,” Benedict explained. “I told them the world will end, and they were like, ‘All departments who fail to comply with this directive will have their budgets reviewed.’ Bastards.”“I swear the only things to survive the apocalypse will be cockroaches and bureaucrats,” he added.Although the clock has been adjusted 20 times since its inception in 1947, never has it been moved more than a few minutes. Bulletin board member Robert Socolow, an aerospace professor at Princeton University, advised people to stay calm and put the adjustment into perspective.“Time changes are always slightly disorienting. This one will simply be infinitely moreso,” Socolow said. “You know how, every Spring, you set your clocks forward and then you wake up the next morning and think, ‘Damn, I’ve lost an hour’? Well, it’ll feel just like that. Except you’ll think, ‘Damn, I’ve lost everything.’ Including the ability to think.”Fellow board member Allison Macfarlane, a professor at George Mason University, stressed the end could have been worse.“I was always afraid we would die in a plague or a firestorm or something awful,” Macfarlane admitted. “But with this, we just move the hands and voila! We’re all dead.“At least that’s what we assume will happen,” she said. “We should probably research it further, but there’s not enough time to get a government grant.”U.S. SETS SWEAT PRODUCTION RECORD
America’s sweltering summer of 2011 does have a bright side: U.S. sweat production is at record highs.With heat indexes across the country regularly topping 100, American adults have doubled their per capita daily sweat output to 1.1 gallons. As a result, an estimated 29 billion gallons have been produced in July alone, a two-fold increase from all of last summer.The Sweat-Producing StatesAccording to the National Endocrine Association, both eccrine and apochrine sweat gland production have shown significant gains, with output greatest in the sweat-producing states of the Deep South and Midwest, commonly known as America’s Underarm and Genital Area, respectively.The bumper output was quickly hailed by the sweat industry as a proud achievement for a nation otherwise suffering from political bickering, rising unemployment, and even loftier temperatures.“People in this country may not have jobs, but our glands are working overtime,” said Rollon Pell of the American Antiperspirant Council, a trade group. “This proves once again that Americans are the hardest sweating people on Earth. We’re not like your namby-pamby Canadians with their temperate summers, or your freeze-dried Swedes with their long winters, or your creepy, crusty Japanese with their ‘Ooo look at me I’ve got fewer sweat glands than everyone else.’ We sweat in places they can only dream of.”AMERICAN SWEATCEPTIONALISMPerspirational jingoism aside, the sweat surplus has so far failed to translate into economic gains. One reason is the lack of a viable domestic market for sweat, despite the logicality of selling it by the barrel, much like oil. Another drawback is that the thought of “billions of barrels of sweat” tends to make people wretch.The U.S. Chamber of Commerce believes sweat exports may be the answer. While sweat-producing nations, particularly in Latin America, might offer lower-priced perspiration, Chamber endocrinologist Dr. Dewey White said the U.S. can offer what others can’t: American sweatceptionalism.“Because of our diet of processed foods, U.S. sweat is higher in salt and potassium and we should push that angle,” said White. “Right now we’re looking at, ‘American sweat: full of minerals and freedom.’ That tested better than, ‘American sweat: smell the liberty.’”A few inventive Americans, however, have already found ways to benefit from their increased sweat production.On a cattle farm outside Chicopee, Neb., unemployed machinist Ken Kelly has rented himself out as a salt lick. He earns $10 an hour, or $20 an hour if he keeps his pants on.In Salinas, Cal., meanwhile, part-time realtor Ben Bronfman has been covertly collecting women’s sweat at local gymnasiums, bundling it with a photo of each woman, and selling it on the Internet. His trial is next week.ADM PRODUCES PIG MADE ENTIRELY OF CHICKEN
Agribusiness giant Archer Daniels Midland today announced it has successfully produced a pig made entirely of chicken.The turkey meat virus will happen.ADM researchers say the new breed, which they have named puercopolloensis, or “chickpig” for short, has the outward appearance of swine and exhibits behavior similar to a normal pig. However, instead of pork, the inside is 100 percent chicken meat. In comparison to actual chicken, the modified pig is not particularly healthier, nor is it easier to care for or more attractive. “But it’s cool,” said ADM animal scientist Stern Agee. “We actually came up with loads of other combinations,” Agee said. “A duck made out of tuna. A cow made out of wheat. Billy, over in transportation, has a 1973 Dodge Charger made out entirely of frog. It can jump and everything.” Agee and colleague Bret Boher admit their work is not always successful – e.g., the butter monkeys never properly congealed – but believe the chicken-filled pig will have an immediate impact by increasing the chicken meat supply and lowering the price for consumers. “A chicken has lots of bits that you don’t usually eat. Same with a pig,” said Boher as he and Agee led a visitor through ADM’s alternative livestock barn. “But our chickpig here is much more efficient. Everything is muscle, what you call meat. The eyes are meat. The hooves are meat. The organs are meat. It’s just one big… meat.” Asked how it could live without functioning organs, Boher conceded it can’t. “But it doesn’t suffer,” he said. “It doesn’t have a brain. Well it does, but it’s made of chicken meat.” Boher then abruptly jumped into the nearest water trough. “He’s made of salmon,” Agee explained.CREATIONIST TELESCOPE FINDS NEARLY 6,000-YEAR-OLD GALAXY
Creationists using a deep-faith telescope said today they have discovered a galaxy formed at the very beginning of time, nearly 6,000 years ago. The galaxy, which they named “Michael” after one of the earliest angels, is about 6,000 light years from Earth, but not more, “because light did not exist before that time,” researchers explained.A telescope (above) is an instrument that aids in the observation of remote objects by collecting electromagnetic radiation. A creationist telescope (below) is the exact same thing, but with the lens cap on. The team’s discovery was immediately condemned by the American Astronomical Society, which said “Michael” is actually the Andromeda galaxy, which formed 9 billion years ago. In response, Bertram Hill, lead theophysicist at the subbasement Creation Science Observatory in Kentucky, said, “No it isn’t” and called the debate a tie. Hill and his colleagues made their observations using a specially designed Deep Faith Creationist Telescope, which is a standard wide-field, Ritchey–Chrétien hyperbolic telescope, but with the lens cap on. From there, calculating the age of Michael, and the Universe itself, was simple, Hill said. “We know this galaxy is about 6,000 years old because we know the Universe is 6,000 years old, and we know that because, contrary to what non-believers say, we’ve done the math,” said Hill. “Specifically, we’ve taken the ‘supposed’ age of the Universe – 13 billion years – and multiplied it by .000046, which gives us, as we suspected, the true age of 6,000.”But why multiply the age of the Universe by .000046? “Because that gives us 6,000,” said Hill. Using this same multiplier, Hill said creationists plan to further shake up the scientific community by announcing that dinosaurs died out 3,000 years ago, Jesus was born last month, and Pittsburgh was founded on Tuesday.New Firefox Browser Automatically Blocks ‘Gay Propaganda’
The Mozilla Foundation released a new version of their flagship Firefox web browser today that automatically blocks access to all websites affiliated with the gay rights movement. Firefox Family, which is still in beta testing, was developed for the "traditional values" market in the United States as well as for use in emerging markets such as Saudi Arabia and Uganda, which have strict laws against homosexuality. In addition to blocking all gay pornography, the new browser blacklists the websites of gay rights organizations like the Human Rights Campaign and the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation  and displays an error message explaining such sites are blocked as “homosexual propaganda” when accessed. The blacklist, which also contains the social media accounts of several prominent gay rights activists, is hard-coded into the browser and cannot be modified by the end user. “Firefox Family is simply intended to provide choice in the marketplace," explained Mozilla CEO Brendan Eich in a Skype call with reporters today. "Some people buy into the gay agenda, and some people don’t. Here at the Mozilla Foundation we believe in serving both types of customers. That's what real equality looks like. “Why should everybody have to be exposed to this lifestyle when they surf the internet? Some parents want to protect their children from being recruited into homosexuality. They deserve to have the tools to do so. Most people are sick and tired of international faggotry, and personally I don't blame them.” The release of the controversial new software comes as the Mozilla Foundation is already under fire for its stance on gay rights. Although the organization itself has long had gay-friendly policies, its new CEO Brendan Eich opposes gay marriage and in 2008 donated $1,000 to a campaign against marriage equality in California. A number of Mozilla employees have called on Eich to step down, a request he has so far refused. Several members of the organization's board of directors have resigned in protest over his selection. And dating site OKCupid is asking Firefox users on its site to switch to competing browsers. However, Eich reiterated today that he isn't going anywhere and claimed that he's the only one facing discrimination. "The most persecuted people in the United States are white males who believe in traditional marriage," he pleaded. "If I actively advocate for discrimination against a class of people, then suddenly my job is at risk. Can you believe that? What kind of a fascist, politically correct country is this? "All that should matter in a leadership role is job performance. What if the CEO of Coca-Cola didn't believe white women should marry black men. And he went around the country giving part of the salary he earned at the company to organizations that tried to ban interracial marriage. "Would we seriously ask him to step down from his post just because of this personal belief? That would be ridiculous! The company is doing great." In addition to Firefox Family, Eich is also reportedly working on a version of the JavaScript language which eliminates the use of curly brackets, which he describes as "too gay" for his taste.Man Sues Dating Website, Says ‘My Perfect Matches Are Always Black’
A Charlotte man has filed a lawsuit against a popular online dating site, citing his ‘extreme unhappiness’ with the results the website had been giving him. Gil Green, age 33, claims that all of the ‘perfect matches’ recommended to him through the site were African-American.“I want to find myself a nice white woman and the site couldn’t get that straight,” said Green. “It isn’t fair to me at all that they would assume that I’m into black girls. I put in all my own information, and what I was looking for in a girl, and every time I checked who it matched me with, it was some dark-skinned broad.”Green is claiming that the website was ‘deliberately sabotaging’ his love life, and that is why he was filing suit.“I’m just a simple man, and I’m trying to find a wife, or at least a couple good dates, maybe a couple of blowjays, you know? But no mater how many times computer tells me my perfect match is black, I can’t just settle on that,” said Green. “It’s not a racist thing, I’ve met black people before. Some of them are even pretty cool. I just don’t find black women attractive. I’m sure plenty of black women don’t find me attractive. I shouldn’t have to change my standards to find a date on the internet.”Green’s lawyer, Joe Goldsmith, Esq., who filed the suit in a North Carolina Superior Court, said he thinks that Green has ‘no chance in hell’ of ever winning the case.“I only took this case for the money, my practice is struggling, and whatever pays the bills, you know?” said Goldsmith. “Mr. Green seems to be really confused about the internet and online dating in general, because the website he is filing suit against is ‘blackpeoplemeet.com’. Obviously his matches are going to be African-American. Frankly, Mr. Green is an idiot, and quite possibly a bigot.”Representatives of blackpeoplemeet.com have yet to comment on the lawsuit, except to say that they “assume the outcome of the case will be a no-brainer.”  SPLITTERS
In a joint statement released this morning, the International Webmasters Association, the World Organization of Webmasters, and the National Association of Webmasters said they are distinct, fully-functional organizations and were not simply created to amuse Monty Python fans.MEDIA METRIX CHANGES MEASUREMENT TERMS
Internet audience measurement firm Media Metrix, seeking to differentiate itself from competitors NetRatings and PC Data, announced yesterday it will no longer use the term “unique visitors” in reference to site traffic, but will instead use the term “poached slinky nuts.” No explanation was given for the change.IPHONE SECRETLY TRACKING HOW DULL YOUR LIFE IS
Apple iPhones secretly track and record their owners’ location, a potentially devastating privacy breach that experts warn could force people to face the fact that they never really go anywhere interesting.One man's entire life is centered on the New Jersey Turnpike.British researchers who uncovered the hidden file say it logs the phone’s whereabouts for the previous 10 months, and includes a date and time stamp with each location. They also created a program allowing users to upload their data and build a map that researchers termed “remarkably detailed” and iPhone owners called “depressingly accurate.”Apple claims the application helps it improve location-based services, but iPhone users were upset.“I find it absolutely outrageous that my phone has been secretly documenting the fact that for nearly the past year, I have been going, basically, nowhere,” said Daphne Coleridge, a receptionist and mother of two in Houston. “This is a map of tedium. Home, school, work, store, home, school, work, store, home… wait… dentist. I stand corrected.”“With a few exceptions, I’ve spent the last 10 months of my life within 20 miles of the New Jersey Turnpike,” added Caldwell, N.J. resident Brian Porteri. “I’m not so much angry that Apple knows this information, I’m angry that I know this information.”Expressing the fears of many iPhone owners, Porteri said he is concerned the information could fall into the wrong hands. “If my dad gets a hold of this file, I am screwed,” he said. “It will validate everything he’s ever said about me.”Psychologists, in fact, are encouraging iPhone users not to attempt a mapping.“Unless you’re a Saudi prince or Charlie Sheen, you probably won’t like what you find,” said Dr. Martin Landreaux of Chicago’s IT Institute. “In medical terms we call the experience a ‘repiphany’ – the sudden, insightful realization that you’re pretty much doing the same things over and over again.”Despite the widespread outrage, however, not everyone finds the app offensive.“I value routine, so for me and my wife, it confirms our life is stable,” said Mark Tedeschi, a computer programmer in London. “It shows I usually go to the same places: work, the shops, our flat, and my best mate Dan’s house. I mapped my wife’s iPhone and it’s the same with her: work, the shops, our flat, and my best mate Dan’s house. Day after day, we’re both doing exactly … hang on.”KNIVES, TANKS, WHALES – AIRPORT SCREENERS NOW FAILING TO CATCH ANYTHING
In a troubling sign that investigators may be getting bored with their success smuggling guns and knives onto airplanes, the U.S. Department of Transportation today disclosed that its agents have recently cleared airport security checkpoints with an M1 tank, a beluga whale, and a fully active South American volcano.  An undercover DOT investigator attempts to sneak a beluga whale past security at Kennedy Airport.DOT investigators also boasted that they have repeatedly slipped past screeners with a six-burner Viking stove, the Field Museum of Natural History, and actor Sidney Poitier, whom they had gagged and, for some reason, painted bright blue. The revelations were disturbing for DOT inspector general Kenneth Mead, who praised his employees for their previous work in uncovering security lapses, but suggested investigators had perhaps lost sight of their original mission. At a staff meeting yesterday, Mead urged agents to “give it a rest,” and, at some point, return the Washington Monument. “Oh yeah, that was a good one,” said Mitch Kerling, one of hundreds of DOT field personnel assigned to test security. “Twelve out of 13 airports. Zoom. Right through. Only got caught at LAX because this one screener thought it was a knife.” Like Kerling, other DOT agents said they weren’t ready to comply with Mead’s cease-and-desist order, arguing that more serious lapses have yet to be discovered. But Argenbright Security CEO David Beaton, who runs the nation’s largest airport screening company, said he failed to see how sneaking the Central Park merry-go-round past security was productive. Replied DOT field analyst Diane Corliss: “So?” In defending his staff, Beaton insisted employees weren’t trained to spot geologic catastrophes or Sidney Poitier, although he conceded a routine hand check should have detected former R.E.M. guitarist Peter Buck, whom agents had set on fire and placed in a golf bag. However, Beaton claimed investigators have also overlooked many security successes. In particular, he praised one employee for recently confiscating a pair of scissors from a man attempting to board a flight for Phoenix. The man, actually an undercover DOT investigator, noted in his report that the scissors were taken, but added that he was then allowed to board the plane while driving a mobile rocket launcher. “Security thought that was a sweater,” Beaton explained. Officials from the Federal Aviation Administration, meanwhile, said safety should improve by November, when federally-employed screeners are slated to be in place at all 429 commercial airports in the United States. DOT investigators, however, said they were up for the challenge, and had already mounted the remains of 16th Century French theologian John Calvin to a live cow.Priceline Launches “Name Price for Bail”
Priceline.com, which allows consumers to name their own price for airline tickets and mortgages, will launch a name-your-own-price for bail service, the company disclosed today. The service will initially be restricted to high-crime markets and the NFL Players Association.Teen Killed in Dispute Over $70 Pair of Domains
In yet another sign that senseless geek-on-geek crime is out of control, a 13-year-old honor student and computer genius was arrested yesterday for allegedly killing a classmate in a dispute over a $70 pair of new domain names. According to bystanders, Byron Pell, 14, was bragging to fellow computer lab students over the two .com addresses he had recently purchased when classmate Evan Gillette, a National Merit Scholar and programming wiz, hacked Pell’s password and registration information and transferred title for the domains to himself. After Gillette refused to transfer title back, police say Pell killed Gillette by shoving a Zip disk down his throat. Because Pell and Gillette are minors, police would not reveal their domain names. “This is the third geek-on-geek crime we’ve had in the past week, and each one gets more senseless,” said Secaucus police captain Wayne Bolletti. Last Monday, a carload of coders jumped a 12-year-old geek and killed the boy by repeatedly banging his head against the start button of his laptop. Police are calling the incident a drive-by booting.MEN LINING UP FOR LIFE-EXTENDING CASTRATIONS
Only a day after a new study revealed that castrated men live significantly longer lives, surgical centers around the country were swamped with men demanding to have their testicles removed.Men in Chicago wait outside a Cherry Pickers neuter boutique, a new chain owned by the Spay Club for Men.“I was on a diet. I exercised. I took cholesterol medication. And all I had to do this whole time was cut my balls off? Damn, do I feel stupid,” said Joseph Barton of Phoenix City, Ala., who found a large animal veterinarian to do the job.“We’ve had men lined up around the block since the news broke yesterday,” said Dr. Gil Sigurdsson, who usually performs castrations, also known as orchiectomies, on transgender patients in his Manhattan office. “We have never been so busy. It’s balls to the wall in here, literally. Also figuratively.”“Seriously, it’s a safety issue,” he added. “It’s like a carpet of marbles. I’ve fallen down six times already.”The study, published in the journal Current Biology, showed that castrated men lived nearly 20 years longer than “intact” men. The report was based on the life expectancy of eunuchs in Korea’s Chosun Dynasty, which ran from 1392 to 1910.In San Diego, Cal., Robbie Cattermole was among the first in his area to have his testes removed after his wife Carlene told him about the study.Cattermole conceded he would have preferred anesthesia, but Carlene convinced him that they would need all their extra cash for their now longer retirement together. Carlene also saved money by performing the surgery herself, he said.Like Carlene, a surprising number of women have shown a keen interest in performing or encouraging the procedure, according to Chicago urologist Dr. Marvin Shaktar.“We’ve had calls from at least a thousand women wanting to sign up their husbands and boyfriends, obviously hoping to prolong their relationships,” said Shaktar. “Kind of renews your belief in love, really.”Planned Parenthood, meanwhile, has come out in support of the surgery, since it is a form of birth control. “But it’s not a spur-of-the-moment decision,” warned Planned Parenthood Director Naomi Wigan. “Men should think long and hard before they do anything … well maybe ‘long and hard’ isn’t the right way to put it.”Contrary to popular belief, however, castrated men can still have sex, they just can’t impregnate. But there are drawbacks. The procedure is painful, and neutered men often report feeling emasculated. But that didn’t deter Lakewood, Ill., resident Karl Jenkinson from going through with it.“I’ve been married 20 years, have three teenage daughters, and drive a minivan,” Jenkinson said. “Pain and emasculation were already part of my life.”INTERVIEW WITH THE SEARCH ENGINE
As random as they are relevant, enigmatic as they are enlightening, search engines have earned a slightly sullied reputation as a necessary evil. But it is a one-sided assessment. The search engines have not been able to explain themselves. Until now. Thanks to its sophisticated program, which answers questions with phrases or sentences, Jeeves of AskJeeves.com granted SatireWire the opportunity to actually interview a search engine. There were many important questions to ask. Unfortunately, he never got to most of them. NOTE: These are real screen captures of actual responses. Advertisements appearing with results have been edited out, and the query boxes have been enlarged to allow readers to view entire questions. This does not in any way alter the responses.Study: Monogamists With More Than One Spouse May Become Polygamists
According to a National Institutes of Health study, monogamists who are married to more than one spouse at a time have a significantly greater chance of becoming polygamists than those who remain married to only one person. “The key factor seems to be simultaneity,” said Bruce Rivers, an socio-anthropologist who authored the NIH report. “Those who have one spouse, divorce that spouse, and then take another, tend to remain monogamous. However, those who retain one spouse and decide to marry again – to have, in effect, two or more spouses – have a much greater chance of becoming polygamists.” Rivers said he could not explain his findings, which were based on nearly 2,000 hours of research with a dictionary, although he theorized it could be related to diet, exercise, or climate.IN NEW SPACE RACE, U.S. VOWS TO MATCH RUSSIAN FAILURES
NASA will begin sabotaging its own rockets in an effort to keep up with longtime space foe Russia, which has taken a huge lead by losing no less than eight spacecraft in the past year, including the Phobos-Grunt probe that crashed to Earth Sunday. In response to the American escalation pledge, Russia said it will double its number of crashes by the end of 2012 by failing to install any navigation software.Competing prototypes of hopefully unsuccessful U.S. (top) and Russian rocket designsIn response to that, the U.S. said it will launch rockets without enough fuel.In response to that, Russia said it will launch a rocket with plenty of fuel but it will turn out to be diesel fuel and ruin the engine.In response the U.S. said it will launch a rocket that seems to work absolutely perfectly but is actually afraid of heights.In response Russia said it will turn its rockets on their heads and just shoot them directly into the ground.In response the U.S. said it will launch a rocket with another rocket strapped beside it that faces downward ‘cause that would look cooler.In response Russia said it will unveil a new “Boomerang” rocket that will be thrown by a giant robotic arm and return directly to Earth every time which doesn’t sound as damaging but is way way more expensive.In response the U.S. said it will launch its next rocket inside of a mountain without first making an opening in the mountain.In response Russia said it will tie a rocket to a mountain with a really long rope so when it tries to take off the rocket’s axle rear axle comes off. Like in the movies.In response the U.S. said rockets don’t have rear axles.In response Russia said ours do.In response the U.S. said whatever.In response Russia said it will no longer use the term ‘launch pad’ but instead use the term ‘horrific crash pad.’In response the U.S. said it will change its launch countdown from “3-2-1-liftoff” to “3-2-1-oh-my-God-duck!”In response Russia said its cosmonauts will be so drunk they won’t even be able to count down from 3.In response the U.S. said its astronauts will be required to text while flying.In response Russia said all its cosmonauts will be recruited from the ranks of Italian cruise ship captains.In response the U.S. said “too soon.”In response Russia said its next rocket will be made of butter and melt on the horrific crash pad.In response the U.S. said it will make a rocket entirely out of grated cheese.In response Russia said its rockets will be made from a crumbly cheese.In response the U.S. said what kind of crumbly cheese?In response Russia said it was thinking something salty, like Brynza.In response the U.S. said an aged Edelpilz Blue might be better, especially served on a pear salad with walnuts.In response Russia said that sounds delicious, but it’s allergic to nuts.In response the U.S. said tell me about it, all our kids have peanut allergies. Literally all of them.In response Russia said you have to be so careful nowadays, especially with school lunches.In response the U.S. said you also have to read food labels. Everything has nuts.In response Russia said it found out only yesterday that Caesar dressing has anchovies in it.In response the U.S. said oh my God I’m never having Caesar dressing again I hate anchovies.In response Russia said don’t be hatin’ on anchovies ‘cause the best anchovies in the world come from Russia and we put ‘em in lots of things.In response the U.S. said yeah that’s probably why Russian food sucks so bad LOL.In response Russia said dude what’s your problem?In response the U.S. said dude what’s your problem?In response the Russia said it doesn’t have a problem but you’re gonna have a problem when we launch a rocket made entirely of peanuts at the U.S.In response the U.S. just like totally hung up on Russia.American Public Decides Scientists are Idiots Regarding GMO Foods
Over the past half-decade, there has been a growing debate regarding the quality and safety of GMO foods. There has been debate back and forth even within the scientific community regarding the use of GMO capabilities in produce. But more and more, scientists have become increasingly in favor of its use. The American public, however, seems to be turning on the lab-coated professionals.“These fancy doctors come in with their degrees and charts and try to tell me what is good and not good to eat. Quite frankly it’s insulting,” said Wyatt Stanfield, a local advocate against GMO production. “If I don’t want to eat a mutant corn, than damnit, I shouldn’t have to eat a mutant corn. It’s my stomach, for crying out loud!”In a recent study, 71 percent of scientists and doctors agreed that with proper regulation and caps on experimentation, GMO foods were wholly safe. In the same study, only 31 percent of ‘common citizens’ agreed. Another 51 percent felt that GMOs posed a legitimate threat to the health of individuals that ate them regularly.“We all know what food is safe,” says Stanfield. “Food made by God and grown from the earth. That is what we’re intended to eat. Anything made by labs is sure to cause us trouble. I don’t know why they think they can play God with our food. We know it’s going to give us cancer, or mutate our genes or make us sterile. But they keep pretending it’s fine. They keep saying ‘Don’t worry, they can’t hurt you.’”Says Dr. Daniel Roberts MD of the GMO foods, “Don’t worry, they can’t hurt you. GMO food has already been in use for some time, and I’m still not entirely sure why people are against it,” said Roberts. He continued by pointing to a banana left on a table nearby. “This fruit is a clone of a single banana that has been recreated over and over over decades. Have you ever seen a real banana? They are short, green, and have giant seeds. These things we have now aren’t even close to a real banana. They’re genetically modified, and I’m pretty sure it hasn’t killed anyone not allergic to it.”When asked about the banana, Stanfield stood defiantly. “That banana was made by God, and no liberal elitist agenda is going to trick me into believing otherwise.”King’s e-Book Plants Virus
Novelist Stephen King, who expects 1.5 million people to download his e-book, The Plant, announced today he will publish an online sequel called The Virus, what he called the “true and ironically funny” story of 1.5 million people who unwittingly download an e-book planted with a malicious computer virus. If The Virus is successful, King said he will release the third book in the trilogy, entitled The Antidote. Selling for a flat fee of $100, The Antidote will contain only a few lines of code and will, he added, “probably only be of interest to anyone who downloaded The Plant.”“Many people have said that publishing on the Web would never be lucrative,” said King. “But I think it’s safe to say I’ve figured out a way around that.”HOPEFUL SPERM CELL WANTS TO TRY IT WITH EGG FROM BEHIND
A sperm cell’s hopeful attempts today to convince an egg they should “try it from behind” have so far been rejected by the egg, who called the suggestion pointless, unnatural, and probably not even hygienic.The sperm insists there's nothing wrong with being a little inventive.Pleas that the ovum at least talk dirty to the sperm have also proved fruitless and frustrating, the participants agreed.The spermatozoon and ovum, belonging to husband-and-wife John and Sara Avides, 26, of Baltimore, got into the argument shortly after meeting this morning following the Avides’ weekly sexual encounter.“At first everything’s normal. He’s using his motility and acrosomal enzymes to penetrate my zona pellucida and get to my oocyte,” said the egg as the now-brooding sperm flagellated nearby. “But then suddenly he stops and has this look. I say, ‘What’s up?’ and he says, ‘I was jus thinkin’…’“Well you know what it means when a sperm says he’s ‘jus thinkin’. It means he’s ‘jus thinkin’ of how he can talk you into something you ain’t gonna like.”The sperm, however, proclaimed his innocence.“She’s got it got it all wrong,” the sperm insisted. “I just think we should try something different, just this once. I promise I’ll be gentle. I bet she’ll like it.”The egg’s chilly response made it clear the idea was a non-starter.“I told him, ‘You’re a sperm, I’m an egg, so let’s just do our jobs and get this over with,’” stated the ovum, who threatened to deactivate her receptors if he persisted. “Why’s he suddenly want to take me from behind, anyway? I mean, it’s pointless. I don’t think I even have a behind, and if I do, it ain’t open for his business.”Fertility expert Dr. Lauren Sweshtein of the Yale School of Medicine believes societal change on the human level may be to blame.“With the Internet, men have more access to porn than ever before, and as a result they need more stimulation to maintain excitement,” Dr. Sweshtein explained. “I’m not surprised this has trickled down to the gamete level. After all, a sperm is nothing but a man with a better sense of direction.”But the egg said she was surprised, particularly when her progenitive suitor repeatedly asked her to “bend ovum and relax.”“I was like, ‘For the last time, you can get into my oocyte, but stay away from my no-no-site, comprende?’” she said. “Then I’m like, ‘Give it up’ and he’s like, ‘You give it up,’ and I’m like ‘What is wrong with you?’ and he’s like, ‘What’s wrong with you?’”After a brief and ineffective sulk, the sperm said he abandoned that approach and tried a different tack.“I told her if she wants my glycoproteins, she’s got to be less procreate and more pr0ncreative,” he explained. “She could maybe talk dirty to me, or fantasize a bit, call me Coach Johnson or Principle Williams, something like that.”The egg summarized that proposal in two words: “Awkward and creepy.”At press time the sperm and egg were still not fertilizing.OY, YOU NEVER VISIT YOUR MOTHER’S WEB SITE
I’m thinking of divorcing your father. Oh, you didn’t know that, Mr. I-have-no-time-for-the-woman-who-bore-me-and-taught-me-HTML? Well, if you ever bothered to drop by your mother’s web site, just once in a while, spare just a few of your precious surfing minutes, you’d know that. It was in my blog from last week. But far be it from me to complain, although would it hurt so much to visit the family web site — the site where you first learned how to code, I shouldn’t have to mention? I’ve done some things around the place. Remember that animated .gif that your father used to love? The one with the stupid dancing fish? On the home page, he wanted it! He insisted! Well it’s gone! I’m doing everything in Macromedia Flash now. Your father doesn’t even know. G-d forbid he should make time to visit his own wife’s site. So I should be forgiving you? It’s in your genes, that’s what RabbiNet says. Your sister Rachel, she visits your mother’s site every week, and you know how hard it is for her to get around, what with that 56k dial-up connection she suffers with, and that schmendrick of a husband always hogging the computer. He surfs like a pig! But your sister Hannah — Judaism should have saints! She has a link to my site right on her home page, and she surfs in every day, after work. And she’s got kids! But you, you with your fancy DSL, you who won’t put up a link to your own mother’s site, you, who have by the way not brought me one grandchild — not that I’m utzing, G-d knows — you’re too busy chasing every girlie site with so much as a sheyner ponim. But I have news for you, Mr. I-can’t-be-bothered-to-visit-my-own-mother’s-site-but-I-can-troll-for-strumpets-at-Temptation-Island.com. That goyishe site has no pictures of the sort you’re after, not so much as a pupik showing. And don’t tell me you’re spending all your time at MinyanWorship.org. That site’s not doing so well, they can never get a quorum, no small thanks to you who never shows up for prayer, as G-d in himmel knows. Are you cleaning your mouse? Remember to clean your mouse. And keep your fingers on the keyboard, where they belong. Oy, how I suffer. You know, I haven’t changed your page since you left. It’s just like it was when we were still under one site, one happy family. Ouch, memories! But it’s still there, if you want to come back and see it, even maybe make a few changes. Nice to have it lived in once in a while. Not that I’m asking you to move back in. I know you have your own URL now and your own “site”, which I shouldn’t say, so I won’t, that it’s a mess Mr. Garbage Mouth and my friend Mrs. Meierson, who must have seen it G-d knows how, says don’t make yourself sick, that son of yours is just a nebbish, a nobody, look at the way he keeps that site of his with all the broken links and script errors. So I’m not saying you should consider coming back, but you still have the password to the site, if you remember how to use it, I’m not holding my breath. You remember Annabelle14@aol.com, the girl you met on MitzvahSingles.org? Such a lovely person. She still comes by my site. And so pretty! She sent me a .wav file and I put it up. You should come see it. How long will it be until somebody else, some nice rich mentsh who makes a good living and has a nice clean web page, is visiting my site and sees Annabelle and sweeps her off her feet? Not that you should care. But her video is there. And a link to her web site. And her email address, in case you’ve forgotten it. Not that you would think to care about such things as a dying mother’s last wish for your happiness. By the way, have I mentioned I’m dying? It was in my blog from last week. Oh, that’s right, you don’t have time to come to your mother’s site anymore. I’m leaving the site to your sisters.Janet Reno Awarded VirginMary.com Domain
Just days after pop diva Madonna won a battle to wrest control of Madonna.com by arguing she was the world’s best known Madonna, Attorney General Janet Reno employed a similar argument to win the rights to VirginMary.com. Several alleged virgins, many named Mary, attempted to win the domain from a shopping site, but all of them failed a virginity test administered by a Washington, D.C. court. However, Judge Harvey Winston decided to award the domain to the Attorney General without testing her, and despite her non-Mary status. “Is Janet Reno named Mary? No,” wrote Judge Winston. “Is Janet Reno a virgin? That, frankly, is a question this court does not even want to contemplate.” Several religious orders were also vying for the domain, arguing their members were committed to God and inherently virginal. However, Ms. Reno’s lawyer said the Attorney General was equally celibate, as she was “married to no one but Justice.” In his decision, the Judge ruled both that Ms. Reno should get the domain, and that Justice was, indeed, blind.DESIGNER  #HASHTAGS THE LATEST TREND IN TRENDING
The common #hashtag, once the telltale sign of what’s hot online, is on the way out. In its place, the designer hashtag – bold, colorful, often playful symbols that tell Twitter, Tumblr and the rest that not only are you on top of what’s trending, you’re trending right along with it. Kate Moss’ new slimming hashtag, which de-emphasizes the “pound” in “pound sign.”From Gucci and Prada to Dior and D&G, fashion labels have stormed in to revive, revamp, and often revolutionize the off-the-rack, one-size-fits-all # sign. These designer hashtags come at a price – from $25 to $2,500 per use – but advocates say the cost is worth it.“Hashtags told you what was trending, but designer hashtags make what’s trending look trendier,” said Vogue editor Kat Malques. “They’re like uber trendy, like almost so trendy that it hasn’t even trended yet. They’re basically pre-trend.”  Ralph Lauren’s hashtag for men.“These new hashtags say, ‘Not only do I know what’s new and cool, but I look cool telling you about it,’ explained Cam McCauley at Dolce & Gabbana, which uses vivid florals and brash polka-dots in its hashtags. “When I use one, I feel like I’m trending.”The styles certainly run the gamut of the grammatical symbol runway. Kenzo, for example, has opted for an anytime, anywhere hashtag ($99 per use) that simultaneously speaks to your need for something “Totally New,” yet is also not so conceptual and tricked out that it looks like it’s trying too hard. Asian-American designer Jason Wu, meanwhile, has woven Oriental culture into couture by producing a calligraphic masterpiece of a hashtag, ($129 per use), complete with kimono-like cap sleeves.Jason Wu’s Asian-themed hashtag.  Design-world bad boy Marc Jacobs, not surprisingly, has gone retro, releasing a simple black hashtag — show here: # — that reviewers have called “elegant, traditional, and strikingly similar to the hashtags of yore.” Offered in standard Arial, Helvetica, or Verdana, what makes these hashtags different is the price: $499.99 per usage. Taking the counter approach, couturier Derek Lam has a new summer line of hashtags that are, “simple, light, and revolution-airy.” Instead of four lines in a crosshatch pattern, Lam uses just one horizontal line, “–” which hints at the existence of the other three lines. Reviewers were not impressed. “It looks like a hyphen,” said InStyle.So far, whether a hashtag is revered or reviled doesn’t matter. Twitter, Tumblr and  sites that use #hashtags don’t recognize any of the new offerings as hashtags. For designers, however, lack of acceptance is itself a badge of honor — “Proof of how trendy we are,” said Lam. And if designer hashtags are a trend, the trend within that trend is minimalist. While Lam’s design is simple, Adobe and Gucci have teamed up to go a step further. They’ve released a line of “Flashtags,” which disappear in six seconds and cost $25 per use.  Walmart’s customer-inspired “relaxed waist” hashtag for "posting online from the comfort of your  trailer home.”“Something that’s truly ‘now’ should not last for more than six seconds, which is why our flashtags disappear so quickly,” said Adobe’s new VP of Design Ing Miyuchi. “It happens so fast you really don’t have time to think about the topic, much less learn about it. It’s a perfect reflection of modern life.” But that approach may already be yesterday. Next month, Christian Dior is expected to offer a white-on-white hashtag, an essentially invisible symbol that only the user will know about. “It’s a confidence thing,” explained Dior spokeswoman Feschia Puce. “It’s like, I know this is trending, and I’m so in the know that I don’t need you to know I know because I already know. So you can’t see the hashtag, but I know it’s there, and because it’s me, I assume that you know it’s there. We call it the Emporer’s New Hashtag. $2,500 per use.” Celebrities, naturally, have jumped on the #bandwagon. In the fall, Justin Bieber will release a line of hiddenstashtags, Lindsay Lohan will launch rehashtags, Miley Cyrus goes to her roots for whitetrashtags, and of course you-know-who will introduce a line of Kardashtags, which, like their namesake, will automatically tag anyone famous.U.S. THROWS ANOTHER HUNK OF METAL INTO SKY
The United States has thrown a giant hunk of metal at the sky again, according to mystified witnesses who watched it disappear in a cloud of fire and smoke above Florida.It is the third time this year that these large, white-and-orange chunks have been hurtled into the air from this otherwise quiet coastal town east of Orlando. Area residents continue to be baffled as to why anyone would go to the effort.As these images show, the U.S. has been throwing hunks of metal at the sky since the 1950s.“It makes no sense. Metal is really heavy. It’s not like it’s gonna stick up there,” said Charlene Mayvee of Banyon Cove. “And I like the sky. They shouldn’t be throwing metal at it and burning it up like they do.”Like Mayvee, experts have been puzzled by these strange attempts since the 1950s, when people first began noticing giant hunks of metal were being shot upward from the ground.“Over the years they’ve used different kinds of metal, in different lengths and shapes,” said Kenny Clayburn, an Internet expert on what he calls the U.S. Hunk of Metal into the Sky Program. “But they’re always pointy at the one end, which I suspect is what is supposed to dig into the sky and hold it in place.”Clayburn said no one has reported the metal ever staying in the sky for long, although he conceded the chunks might be “way way up there” where we can’t see them.As for the motive, some theorize the government is trying to dispose of the metal because it’s bad, or even dangerous.“Obviously something’s wrong with all that metal, otherwise they wouldn’t be getting rid of it,” said Kit Nelson of Cocoa Beach. “I don’t like that they bring it to Florida either. Let them throw it into the sky where it came from.”Whatever the reason, it is believed the U.S. spends an extraordinary amount of money in these attempts, which infuriates Orlando resident Joey Weaver.“I think somebody in the government is getting money from the hunk-of-metal-into-the-sky lobby,” said Weaver. “Although it could also be some kind of nerdy club or cult that just likes to set metal on fire. Or hates the sky.”Even more bewildering are the people, all wearing similar uniforms, allegedly inside the metal hunks. Russell Champlain, director of AirAngels, a Giant Hunks of Metal into the Sky watchdog group, believes they are guards sent to escort the unwanted material.“Metal generally comes from the ground, so you’d need guards to make sure it stays attached up there,” Champlain said. “Then again, Florida fisherman report that a few minutes after it’s thrown up, some longish chunks of the metal land in the ocean, so obviously the metal comes loose even when under surveillance.”Expert Kenny Clayburn, however, thinks the issue will soon recede into history. Clayburn’s sources say this was the last hunk of metal the U.S. will attempt to throw at the sky, which was welcome news to Charlene Mayvee.“The noise always constipated my cat,” she said.INDIGENOUS MARTIANS THRILLED AT PROSPECT OF BEING COLONIZED
Word that a private aerospace company is launching a mission to colonize Mars has reached the Red Planet, where the local life forms say they are thrilled at the prospect of being colonized by humans, who have such a strong track record of respecting indigenous cultures."I hope the conquistronauts plant their flag right through my heart!" said an excited indigenous life form.“We know your history and are very excited by the new ideas you will bring,” said N7K, a methane-breathing organism as yet undetected by humans. “We will show you how to survive in our hostile environment, but in return you must show us how to be exploited, infected, starved, segregated and, eventually, slaughtered!”Mars, it should be noted, is considered one of the more sarcastic planets in the solar system. “Really, I hope you’re not disappointed in us,” N7K added. “We don’t have tear ducts, so we won’t be able to cry when you force march us from our lands.”  The Mars project, run by a company called Mars One, plans to begin accepting applicants in June for a series of one-way journeys beginning in 2023. Eventually they hope the astronauts establish a settlement.  N7K said that although his species – called galldendrens — is thriving and numbers in the millions, it undoubtedly could do with some outside interference. “I think we appreciate the resources we have, but probably you will appreciate them even more since they will be new and different and not yours,” he said. “Yes, we’ll probably go through a rough patch where you burn our homes and steal our treasure and convert us to your religion at gunpoint, but maybe in 500 years we’ll get to have a casino! That would be totally worth it.” Mars One CEO Bas Lansdorp said he was surprised to hear of the galldendrens, but doesn’t think it will impact colonization.“Even if something is there, I don’t believe there is any intelligent life on Mars,” Lansdorp said. “There may be some primitives, but no civilization worth considering.”“Yes, that’s right,” N7K replied. “Just unintelligent primitives not worth considering… said Cortez.” If the galldendrens do exist, Lansdorp insisted the colonists should hardly be seen as conquistadors bent on decimating an indigenous culture.“Really, it’s just a few ships,” he said. “Yes, it’s just a few ships… said Columbus,” N7K replied.HUMANS INSIST THEY ARE NOT DUMBER THAN RICE
Word that genetic researchers have discovered a cell of rice contains more genes than a human cell has caused widespread outrage as people across the globe attempt to prove that humans are easily as smart as a grain of rice. In Edmonton, Canada, 34-year-old Alan Snigget was one of many average humans who devised intelligence tests to discredit the implication that rice is more evolved. The postal worker began by taping a grain of rice to a brick wall — “but lightly, so it could move if it had to” – then hopping behind the wheel of his 1994 Dodge pickup truck. After honking several times to give fair warning, Snigget drove at high speed directly into the rice. According to eyewitnesses, however, the rice never moved. Said one Edmonton police officer who observed the scene: “Stupid rice.” As in Snigget’s case, humans have managed to prevail in almost every test. In Montgomery, Ala., state employee Rodney Lopat said he took “two out of three” in a geography quiz against the allegedly brainy grain. And in Aberdeen, Scotland, lorry driver Duncan McCann is confident he will win a chess match that began three days ago. Asked why the game was taking so long, McCann explained that the rice is using the white pieces. “I’m still waiting for it to make the first move,” he said. RICE RIOTS While most man vs. grain confrontations have been peaceful, a few have devolved into violence. Most notably, rice riots erupted yesterday in Germany after an angry crowd of National Front youths spotted a man who, they decided, looked like a piece of rice. After chasing the man for two blocks, the throng grew bored, but managed to salvage an otherwise disappointing afternoon by ransacking a Japanese restaurant. In response, the Rev. Jesse Jackson called for a boycott of any food product companies that differentiate between white and brown rice. The press, meanwhile, has generally denounced the findings. In a front-page editorial, the Straits Times of Singapore questioned whether researchers had taken cells from a representative cross-section of humans, or just actor Robert Blake. Expressing its anger, USA Today called the report “as useless as studies insisting there is a widespread dumbing down of America,” and included a series of colorful graphs and charts to illustrate its point. If any one sentiment prevails, however, it is the belief in human superiority. To that end, CNN.com released the results of a poll asking “Are humans dumber than rice?” A full 51 percent of respondents voted no, while only 15 percent clicked yes. The remaining 34 percent accidentally clicked the wrong button, panicked, and deleted their browsers.iPAD 3 PURCHASE CAN INCREASE CHILD’S LOVE OF PARENTS
Children of divorce report a nearly 50 percent increase in their love for whichever parent is willing to buy them the new Apple iPad 3, according to a survey of American youth.Apple's targeted campaign.Apple is aware of the trend, targeting the divorced-parent market with a new ad campaign (right) that has so far proven highly effective. Of the 3 million iPads sold since its release Friday, 75 percent have been snapped up by either fathers without custody or mothers who want their children to at least pretend not to hate their new stepdad.Family therapists warn against the temptation to “buy love,” a ploy often used by those who feel responsible for the breakup or guilty for trying to move on. The nation’s children, however, warn about the consequences of not trying.“When my parents split, I was really angry with both of them, but I think the new iPad 3 will allow me to love one of them again,” said survey respondent Kyle Staunten, a Phoenix 8th grader. “The question is, who wants it more?”Added Jackson Tallin, a 6th grader from Ft. Worth, Texas: “When my mom left my dad last year, she bought me an iPad 2, but now I realize it didn’t bring me closure. All this time I’ve settled for limited 3G love, when what I really need is full-spectrum, 4G love.”“Or I can set fire to my room again,” he said. “It’s her choice.”Love isn’t the only motivator, however. Some children point out that an iPad 3 purchase can be integral to family unity.“My stepdad, Frank, is kind of a jerk, so I can’t see myself loving him,” explained Renata Garasso, a 14-year-old from Rahway, N.J. “But I could see myself calling him ‘Dad’. He’s kind of desperate, so I think it’ll be worth $600 to him.”In Buffalo, N.Y., 12-year-old Chelsea Gravesnor has a more direct message. “When my dad moved out, I kind of sided with my mom,” she said. “But if my dad is reading this, I just want him to know that I can change my mind as quick as he can put down a credit card. But he should act now. My supply of love is limited.”14 Remaining Netscape Users Rejoice Over Release of Netscape 6
The world’s 14 remaining users of the Netscape browser exulted this week over the release of Netscape 6, the first new version of the browser in two years, and a product Netscape executives predicted would blow away Microsoft’s Internet Explorer “if this were 1997.” “This is a great browser, and I think if everyone weren’t already using Explorer, they would definitely switch to this,” said Netscape user Brian Calistano of Brisbane, Australia. “I am definitely downloading this baby, and I’ll use it, too, if Explorer crashes or something.”To solidify its market position, Netscape senior vice president Jim Martin announced a “major” partnership with Apple Computer to have Netscape 6 installed on all new Apple machines, a move that Martin boasted would really break Microsoft’s stranglehold on the browser market, “if this were, say, 1984.”Funnel Cake Stand Survives Category F4 Tornado
Ask anyone within 50 miles of Norfolk, Nebraska where to go for the best funnel cake in town and you’ll hear the same answer:  “Go to Meemaw Jane’s.  Her funnel cake is out of this world!”Sadly, never a truer word was spoken, as mourners gathered at the former site of Meemaw Jane’s cake stand, the only structure left intact after a massive F4 tornado destroyed the town’s landscape, wiping out an entire community in an instant.“It happened so fast,” said ‘Meemaw’s’ daughter, Barbara Treen.  One minute it was bright and sunny, then all of a sudden, the clouds moved in, and just like all the people say on The Weather Channel, it sounded like a freight train right on top of the house — hailstones as big as my shoe, thunder and lightning.  That’s the last thing I remember.”“Meemaw Jane Treen’s funnel cakes sent more of this town’s young people to college than I can count on both hands,” said Norfolk Mayor Sue Fuchtman, as she placed a bouquet of flowers in the stainless steel fry cooker beside the Formica counter where Meemaw once proudly served.  “Meemaw Jane donated so much of her proceeds to an educational fund for children wishing to study fairground culinary arts.”“She hung on until the last customer got their cake,” recalled daughter Barbara.  I started to pack up because the sky was getting dark.  I told her ‘Turn off the oil and close up Meemaw,’ but she wouldn’t do it.  There were still 2 customers waiting and she never let a customer go home empty handed. That’s the last thing I heard her say:  ‘I never let a customer go home empty handed.’  And then, up she went.”The tornado swept through town with less than a moment’s warning.“Next thing I knew,” said Barbara, “I woke up in the parking lot under a pile of debris.  I kept screaming ‘Where’s Meemaw?  Where’s Meemaw’ but no one answered me.  I knew she was gone.”Meemaw Jane embodied the American success story.  Originally from Denmark, Treen arrived in America with only a recipe, a dream, and fifty cents to her name.  She settled in this small Nebraska town, set up shop, and became a local legend.“Meemaw Jane’s legacy will live on for generations,” said Mayor Fuchtman.  “Many of us took her classes – cotton candy making, toffee apple wrapping, meat on a stick – she was an inspiration to us all and we thank her for her service.  Do you remember when the Food Network people came out to interview her just three short years ago?” asked the mayor.  “I certainly do!  That put us on the map and it’s just so sad.”Meemaw’s bruised and battered remains were located 30 yards from her cake stand, flung atop an upturned recycling bin – her twisted and curled frame ironically resembling the shape of the thousands of funnel cakes she so tenderly prepared.  The whereabouts of her last 2 customers are unknown.“I didn’t even recognize her.  Then I saw the apron,” said her daughter, through tears.  “She was all coiled up with powdered sugar in her hair, just like an angel.  She had a sweet little smile on her face.  I covered her with the apron ‘til until the ambulance came.  I bought her that silly apron and she just laughed and laughed,” said Treen, sobbing uncontrollably.  “She wore it all the time.  All the time.”“We will rebuild,” said Mayor Fuchtman, and this funnel cake stand will be the new center of town!  This spot shall be known from this day forward as The Meemaw Jane Memorial Cake Square,” she declared, her voice drowned out over the cheers and applause of the crowd.  “We owe it to her!  She will be missed!”Treen vows to carry on the tradition that her mother began nearly 50 years ago.  Addressing the crowd she said:  “We’re going to get back out there and do what Meemaw would want us to do!”  I promise you, the minute I get this back brace off, I’m going to stand tall, fire up some oil and get to frying!”A makeshift flag pole was erected, Meemaw’s apron attached by its strings, flying at half-mast and waving in the gentle breeze — its message easing the pain felt by many.  “Life Is Short – Eat Dessert First” it proudly proclaims, a fitting tribute to a town’s unforgettable and much loved Danish heroine.BMW Gets Blue Windscreen of Death
Microsoft announced this week that a version of its Windows operating system will be installed in BMW’s new 7 Series cars, a move analysts say will dramatically increase the vehicle’s ability to suddenly crash for no reason. According to BMW spokesman Gehard Voorst, the cars, which will now take at least five minutes to warm up, will enable owners to confidently cruise and compute at high speeds for several hours before the machine abruptly seizes and catapults the driver through the 7 Series’ new “blue windscreen of death.”FISHER GLITCH REVEALED
Due to a software glitch at popular Web site the Internet Movie Database, (IMDB.com) Carrie Fisher, star of the Disney horror movie ‘Carrie,’ about a family of telekenetic lions, is taller than an adult giraffe.SKYDIVER BREAKS RECORD FOR FREE-FALL SWEARING
In a giant leap from the edge of space Sunday, Austrian skydiver Felix Baumgartner shattered records for supersonic speed, high altitude jumping, and free-fall swearing in a nerve-wracking, 24-mile plunge to Earth.An estimated 8 minutes of Baumgartner's 10-minute oxygen supply was used up cursing.‘Holy shiiiiiit…!” Baumgartner shouted as he stepped off his balloon-tethered capsule more than 128,000 feet above the New Mexico desert and descended into the history of free-fall obscenity. “I’m fucked I’m fucked I’m fucked!” he added, for much of the rest of the fall, which wisely had been put on 20-second tape-delay.Only moments before, the enterprise had seemed in jeopardy as the daredevil could be heard muttering, “Bad idea bad idea bad idea” to himself, and, “Fuck no fuck no fuck no” to ground crew who were urging him to make the drop. But with no other way down, Baumgartner finally let loose both his grip and a string of what would become supersonic expletives.In a 4 minute, 19 second free fall, Baumgartner’s body broke the sound barrier, dropping at 1,221 feet per second, or roughly 3,600 motherfuckers an hour.“Not only did I fall faster than a motherfucker, I fell faster than I could even hear myself say ‘motherfucker,’” said Baumgartner in a post-jump press conference.During the dive, he broke a string of 52-year-old records held by Baumgartner’s mentor and mission control leader, Joe Kittinger, who jumped from 19.5 miles in 1960 and swore at 614 miles per hour. Still, the exploits of the man known as “Fearless Felix” must be verified by the Federation Aeronautique Explétif Internationale before he can go into the record books as “Fucking Fearless Felix.”It was no easy record to set. Baumgartner and his Red Bull Stratos team trained for five years for the jump. At one harrowing point during the fall, the skydiver tumbled out of control, causing those on the ground to fear for his life. While ground control tried to maintain contact, there was an uncomfortable 20-second radio silence as his family, and the world, waited.“Felix? Felix, do you copy?” Kittinger asked. “Felix? Keep talking. Say something.”Finally, a battered, weary voice broke through the static.“Fuck that,” Baumgartner said, to cheers of joy and sighs of relief in the control room.More than nine minutes after leaving the capsule, Baumgartner parachuted to the ground, dropping to his knees, where he raised his arms and thanked fucking God.Nebula Alleges Hubble Pics Faked
The Omega nebula, also known as the Horseshoe nebula or M17, filed suit today against the U.S. government and NASA claiming recently released pictures allegedly taken by the Hubble Space Telescope were faked. “Anybody who knows me knows that those are not my star clusters,” said the massive, star-forming region of the Milky Way galaxy. “Clearly, those are somebody else’s clusters superimposed over my hydrogen cloud.”NASA refused to comment about the suit, although officials said they had agreed to stop referring to the Nebula as a “hotbed” of stellar activity.Bush Vows To Cut Internet Taxes
Speaking to a group of young voters at a Michigan campaign stop, Republican George W. Bush boldly pledged to cut Internet taxes in half, and waved off suggestions by some in the crowd that there are, at present, no taxes levied on the Internet. “I speak to technology companies all the time, and they all want to know if I favor taxing the Internet,” Bush told the audience. “Well, I don’t, and if I’m elected, I will cut Internet taxes in half.”Asked by a reporter why he was pledging to cut taxes that don’t exist, Bush responded that he was a Republican.VIAGRA SPILL REVIVES LAKE MICHIGAN
A freighter containing 62,000 metric tons of popular impotence drug Viagra struck a reef and sank in Lake Michigan today. As a result, the once-frigid lake no longer dangles into Illinois and Indiana, but now spans majestically across northern Wisconsin. According to eyewitnesses, roughly 30 to 60 minutes after the ship’s contents dissolved, the lake slowly but firmly began to push northwest toward Minnesota. Eventually, its swollen banks managed to poke aside Lake Superior, which cartographers said will lose its standing as the largest of the Great Lakes for the next four to six hours. Area residents were surprised by the sudden shift, but conceded Michigan was “like an entirely new lake.” “For so many years that lake just, you know, sat there,” said Martha Strop of Eau Claire, Wisc. “To be honest, I never even thought about it anymore. There wasn’t much of a point. But now, well, this has changed our lives forever.” Government officials, however, were more cautious. In Wisconsin, Gov. Scott McCallum declared a state of emergency, while in Minnesota, Gov. Jesse Ventura declared: “Is Lake Michigan a threat, or is it just glad to see me?”THE TOUGHEST DECISION: SHOULD MY LOVED ONE BE PLACED IN AN ASSISTED COMPUTING FACILITY?
For family members, it is often the most difficult and painful decision they will face: to accept that a loved one – a parent, a spouse, perhaps a sibling – is technologically impaired and should no longer be allowed to live independently, or come near a computer or electronic device without direct supervision. The time has come to place that loved one into the care of an Assisted Computing Facility. But you have questions. So many questions. We at Silicon Pines want to help. WHAT EXACTLY IS AN “ASSISTED COMPUTING FACILITY”? Sometimes referred to as “Homes for the Technologically Infirm,” “Technical Invalid Care Centres,” or “Homes for the Technically Challenged,” Assisted Computing Facilities, (ACFs), are modeled on assisted living facilities, and provide a safe, structured residential environment for those unable to handle even the most common, everyday multitasks. Most fully accredited ACFs, like Silicon Pines, are oases of hope and encouragement that allow residents to lead productive, technologically relevant lives without the fear and anxiety associated with actually having to understand or execute the technologies themselves. For more on Silicon Pines, we hope you’ll take the time to Click Here. WHO SHOULD BE IN AN ACF? Sadly, technology is advancing at such a dramatic rate that many millions, of all ages, will never truly be able to understand it, putting an undue burden on those friends and family members who must explain it to them. But unless the loved one is suffering from a truly debilitative affliction, such as Reinstallzheimers, the decision to commit is entirely personal. You must ask yourself, “How frustrated am I that my parent/sibling/spouse is unable to open an email attachment?” “How much of my time should be taken up explaining how RAM is different from hard drive memory?” “How many times can I bear to hear my dad say, ‘Hey, can I replace the motherboard with a fatherboard? Ha ha ha!’” To make things easier, we have prepared a list of Warning Signs which we encourage you to return to often or, if you can’t figure out how to bookmark, print out. Also, please take a moment to read “I’m Glad I’m in Here! – A Resident’s Story.” MUST IT BE FAMILY, OR CAN I PLACE ANYONE IN AN ACF? Several corporations have sought permission to have certain employees, or at times entire sales departments, committed to ACFs. At present, however, individuals can be committed only by direct family, or self-internment. The reason is simple: there are not nearly enough ACFs in the world to accommodate all the technologically challenged. For example, there are currently 860,000 beds available in ACFs, but there are 29 million AOL users. HOW MUCH WILL IT COST? ACF rents range from free* up to $12,500 per month. The disparity is currently a point of contention in the ACF industry. Many residents are covered through government programs such as Compucaid or Compucare, but reimbursement rates are low and only cover a portion of the fees. Exacerbating the situation are the HMOs (Helpdesk Maintenance Organizations), which often deny coverage, forcing residents to pay out of pocket or turn to expensive private techcare insurers such as BlueCache/BlueScreen. Offsetting the costs are technology companies themselves, many of which subsidize ACFs. Firms such as Microsoft, Dell, Qualcomm, and AOL will pay up to 100 percent of a resident’s monthly bill, but there is a catch. ISPs, for instance, require residents to sign service contracts lasting a year or more. Microsoft, meanwhile, prohibits the installation of any competitive software, while Priceline requires that residents buy shares of its stock, which seems onerous but saves residents on lavatory tissue. HOW OLD MUST I BE TO HAVE SOMEONE COMMITTED? Until very recently, you had to be 18 or older to legally commit a family member. However, the now famous British court case Frazier vs. Frazier and Frazier has cleared the way for minors to commit their parents. In that case, 15-year-old Bradley Frazier of Leicester had his 37-year-old parents committed to an ACF in Bournemouth after a judge ruled Ian and Janet Frazier were a “danger to themselves and the community.” According to court records, Bradley told his parents about a virus and warned them not to click attachments, then the next day his parents received an infected email and clicked on the attachment because, they explained, “it came from someone we knew.” WHAT SHOULD I LOOK FOR IN AN ACF? First, make sure it’s a genuine Assisted Computing Facility, and not an Assisted Living Facility. To tell the difference, observe the residents. If they look rather old and tend to openly discuss bowel movements, this is probably assisted living. On the other hand, if they vary in age and say things like, “I’m supposed to figure that out? I’m not Bill goddamned Gates you know!”, this is probably assisted computing. Also, at a well-run ACF, residents should lead full, independent lives, and should be allowed the use of many technology devices, including telephones, electric toothbrushes, and alarm clocks. However, only a facility’s Licensed Techcare Professionals (LTPs) should perform computational or technological tasks such as installing programs or saving email attachments. And LTPs should NEVER answer residents’ questions because studies have shown that answering user questions inevitably makes things worse. Instead, residents should simply have things done for them, relieving them of the pressure to “learn” or “improve.” CAN A RESIDENT EVER GET OUT? No. OK, THIS SOUNDS PROMISING. HOW CAN I LEARN MORE? For your enlightenment, we offer extensive information on Silicon Pines and the ACF lifestyle, which can be found by clicking one of the links in the navigation bars found at both the top and bottom of this page. But whatever you decide, keep in mind that due to demand, ACFs now have long waiting lists. WebTV subscribers alone will take years to absorb.LIFE TURNS OUT TO BE ABOUT THE DESTINATION
Interviews with more than 1,000 people moments before they died revealed that contrary to popular wisdom, life is actually about the destination, not the journey, and the destination sucks, “I’m 87, I’ve been a lot of places and seen a lot of things in my life, but right here, now, in the hospital, at the end, I can tell you it bites the big one,” Cincinnati resident Richard Breen told researchers from Boston College. “I’ve got tubes coming out of me everywhere, I haven’t eaten in days, and my kids are going to sell my house the moment I’m gone.In a side study, 75 percent of Boston College researchers said their study was horribly depressing.“So don’t tell me it’s about the journey,” he added. “For me it’s all about the destination, and it sucks.”Breen reinforced his point by dying of kidney failure moments later.Researchers at Boston College who conducted the study said they were initially surprised that the aphorism, attributed to 19th Century poet Ralph Waldo Emerson, had proven to be untrue after all this time. However, after conducting the interviews, they soon recognized their perspective had blinded them.“When Emerson wrote ‘Life’s a journey, not a destination,’ he was still alive, and what we realized was that all the people who tell you life is about the journey are still on that journey, so of course they’re going to say that,” said Philosophy Prof. Anders Pehrson. “But it’s the people at the end, who have reached the destination, who really have the sense of what life is about, and, by and large, they’re not pleased.”The study immediately drew criticism from poets and theologians who argued that the moment before death is still part of the journey. But Pehrson disagreed, pointing out that poets and theologians didn’t fund his study.Joel Kantz, a 66-year-old emphysema sufferer in London, agreed. “They tell you the destination is the after-life, but the truth is the journey is over when you can no longer stand or dress yourself or go to the toilet,” said Kantz. “But they don’t want you to know about that, ‘cause if you did know you’d go and top yourself during the journey.”Asked who “they” were, Kantz did not respond, as he had died.The death of interview subjects like Kantz was a constant irritant to researchers, said lead investigator Prof. Nicholas Joyce. To offset this, his team also spoke with surviving passengers of auto accidents in which the driver died instantly during head-on collisions. Eyewitnesses were asked what the drivers’ last words were moments before impact — when each driver had, in that sense, reached his or her destination and could share their impression of it. In 68 percent of accidents, Joyce said, the driver’s final observation was reported to be, “Oh shit.”It was Joyce in fact who initiated the study five years ago while standing at the hospital bedside of his father, who was on life support. Several grandchildren were in the room as well, and Joyce felt he should console them.“Dad had a tremendous life, a tremendous journey,” Joyce recalled saying. “And I know he’s at peace now that he’s at the end.”“Dadddy that sounds nice. Can I go too?” his daughter asked.“God no, don’t be stupid,” Joyce snapped. “You want to end up like this?”It was then Joyce realized that no matter how much it is dressed up, man knows instinctively that the destination should be avoided.  “The after-life may be a golden palace, but the stop before that is a Motel 6 in Jersey City,” he said.Dotcomguy Drops ‘Dotcom’ From Name
In the strongest signal yet that “Internet-only” has become a verbal albatross, DotComGuy – the Texas man who lives entirely off the Internet and hasn’t left his house for nearly a year – has dropped the DotCom from his name, and now wishes to be referred to only as Guy. According to Guy, whose one year in online self-isolation ends Jan. 1, the change more accurately reflects the true nature of his diversifying personal interests. That, and he was worried he wouldn’t get laid with a name like DotComGuy. “Initially, having DotCom in my name heightened my status,” said Guy, who legally changed his name from Mitch Maddox to DotComGuy before entering virtual seclusion last Jan. 1. “But now it’s suddenly like I’m just some loser who is little more than a pathetic symbol of Internet hype.” Guy denied the loser label might also refer to being a 27-year-old single male who hasn’t left his house for a year.ROCK HARD ASTEROID LONGS TO EXPLODE ALL OVER EARTH
We’re so close, Earth. So close I can almost touch you. And I want to touch you, baby."I want to explode all over you, baby." Yeah, I’ve been watching you. I’ve been circling around you, waiting for my chance… Hey, no, don’t get me wrong, Earth. I’m not a stalker. I’m an admirer. Your biggest admirer. OK, maybe not your biggest. I’m 150 yards long. Did I say “long?” Not that size matters. I mean, hey, bottom line, we’re just two lonely pieces of rock trying to make sense of this crazy universe we inhabit. And girl, I want to inhabit you. I want to dive down into you. I want to become part of you. C’mon, I know you want to get this rock off. Sorry. That was crude. It’s just that, damn Earth, you’re really beautiful, you know? I’ve always thought so. And we belong together. All you have to do is pull me in. I can’t do it. Just turn on that gravitational charm. Let me prove my love by smashing into you. C’mon baby. You be my Rihanna and I’ll be your Chris Brown. You’re not doing it. Why aren’t you doing it? I’m rich you know. Not that it should matter. Love isn’t about that. But I am rich. Iron, magnesium, who knows what else? That’s worth a lot to somebody. Maybe some other planet? Mercury’s hot. Up for anything, I hear. How would that make you feel, huh? Yeah, maybe I’ll just drop in on Mercury or crash with Saturn. You know Saturn. Dresses like a prostitute, all those rings? I bet Saturn wants something hard. What am I saying? I love you. Hey, don’t turn away! Oh. You’re spinning. Well stop spinning. I’m trying to talk to you! Bitch.Sorry. “I know I am but summer to your heart, and not the full four seasons of the year.” That’s Edna St. Vincent Millay. That’s how I feel right now. You didn’t think a dumb rock like me knew poetry? There’s a lot you don’t know about me, girl. Let me show you. Almost there baby. Almost there. Wow, I can smell you! Do I detect silicates and strawberries? A hint of nitrogen? Irresistible. Do it now baby. Take me in. Don’t make me beg! I mean, it’s not like you’re a virgin, right? I’m close enough to see that now. Look at all those craters and bays. You’ve had others before me. Don’t deny it! Thousands from the looks of it. Why single me out? Am I “not good enough” for you? What a joke! You’re the one who’s been spreading your lakes for every astral body that passes by. You should be begging me for it! Let me in you filthy whore! … Oh. Oh my God. I can’t believe I said that. I’m sorry. I’m so so sorry. I didn’t mean it. It’s just that, look, I’m willing to die for you. That’s right. I know our being together will destroy me. I’ll enter your atmosphere and burst all over you. I won’t be able to help myself. I’m going to hold out as long as I can, but I know I won’t be able to make it all the way in before I just… explode.But oh, for those sweet few fiery moments! Almost there now… almost there… I’m ready… C’mon! Pull me toward you. Open your broad, supple skies! What are you waiting for? Damnit! I’m flying away! Noooooo….! Fine. Be that way. Fuckin’ rock tease. Now you know why objects in space appear red when they’re receding. They’re angry, baby. Angry at you. Alright, tell you what, we’ll just call this a first date. Just a fly-by. I’ll catch you on the rebound, in 2020. … Damn girl, you do look fine from behind. Check out that continental shelf.Sprint Looks To Buy T-Mobile; Plans To Completely Dissolve Company
Negotiations have begun for Sprint, the third largest wireless company in the US, to purchase T-Mobile, the fourth largest wireless company, from their parent Deutsche Telekom. The merger is reported to be worth approximately $32 billion, with part being paid in cash and part in stock, a typical option for deals of this size.Assuming that the FCC approves the deal, Sprint has stated that their plans for T-Mobile would be to phase it out completely, while converting their customers into the Sprint family. The T-Mobile network, which runs on the much faster GSM technology would remain intact, with Sprint converting their handsets to take advantage of the higher speeds necessary for such a large subscriber base and congested network. Combined, Sprint and T-Mobile would have nearly 100 million customers.“We feel very strongly that there is absolutely no need for T-Mobile to continue on as a company once our purchase is cleared.” Said Dan Hesse, chairman of Sprint Corp. US. “They’ve done some great things for the wireless world in the last year or two, but it’s nothing that we can’t continue without them. If this merger happens, it will definitely be the end for T-Mobile.”The news that T-Mobile could possibly be closing their doors hit hard for many employees in the company, especially low-ranking retail and call center workers, who just went through a similarly stressful situation a few years ago when AT&T was looking to purchase T-Mobile. That merger was denied by FCC regulators, citing laws against creating a monopoly within the industry.“It’s extremely disheartening, the idea of them shutting us down.” Said Christopher Pike, a call center employee. “I was here when AT&T came strutting through, and tried to pick us up. It was horrible, stressful. No one knew what was going to happen. This is almost worse, because they’ve already told us that we’re going to be out of a job if this buyout is approved.”Jon Legere, CEO of T-Mobile, doesn’t seem too worried about keeping a job within the company if the buy-out happens. Legere, who has only been with T-Mobile for the last couple of years, has become an outspoken president, known for his profanity-laced speeches calling out AT&T and Verizon for their “shady” practices and their old-school mentality.“I always talked about AT&T, Verizon – I rarely ever talked any [expletive] about Sprint, because I knew this was going to happen eventually. It’s no surprise to me. You can’t be #4 in the game forever without #3 knocking on your door. Well, the door is open now, and it’s about time I take off this magenta shirt and start thinking about how I’m going to look in yellow.”With T-Mobile inevitably on the route to the end, many customers who recently switched from Sprint were delighted that they would be able to go back.“I switched over to T-Mobile when my contract with Sprint ran out. Needed to try something new, ya know?” Said Alex Winter, a long time Sprint subscriber. “They don’t have contracts, sure, but they suckered me into buying a phone for $750, and with monthly payments, it’s going to take 2 damn years to pay off, so it’s basically the same thing. I can’t leave them without paying an arm and a leg to get rid of this phone, and their service is terrible. I can’t wait to get back with Sprint.”As of this writing, there were no definite terms completed for the possible buyout, with representatives for Sprint and T-Mobile refusing to comment.  “Homeless” Reclassified As “Mobile Internet Users”
According to a new directive from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, the estimated 750,000 Americans once considered “homeless” will be reclassified as “mobile Internet users” who choose to have no fixed address because today’s improved mobile technologies allow them to live and work from almost anywhere. “With the proliferation of hand-held devices and laptop computers, mobile Internet access means anyone can now work, shop, and surf via the Internet from almost any location, and to saddle one group of people with the antiquated label of ‘homeless’ when in fact they may simply be taking advantage of technological freedoms does them a great disservice,” said HHS Secretary Tommy Thompson. Advocacy groups such as the American Coalition for the Mobile Internet User, (formerly the American Coalition for the Homeless) blasted the directive for cutting off funding to MIU shelters and food programs, and pointed out that alleged MIUs don’t have computers or PDAs or jobs, not to mention Internet accounts. Thompson, however, said individual MIUs wishing to protest the change should email his office.STING SUNK
Due to yet another software glitch at the Internet Movie Database, Sting, the former lead singer of The Temptations who is best known for his portrayal of Kunta Kinte in the TV-movie “Roots,” died in a ferryboat accident at age four.Idiot Dad Recommends Great Web Sight
For the third time in as many days, 48-year-old Richard Cauthen, father of 20-year-old college student Brian Cauthen, sent an email to his son recommending a “really great web sight.”  “This sight is really good. I thought you and your buddies would get a kick out of it like I did,” the elder Cauthen wrote in reference to a humor site. The father also included the URL of the site, suggesting his son click on the link in the email to reach it.As he has had to do several times previously, an embarrassed Brian wrote to say he already knew about the “site,” adding that he also knew how to click on a link.“Sorry son,” Richard Cauthen answered. “I keep forgetting you’re up to speed on this stuff. By the way, if the link doesn’t get you there, you could try typing in the sight’s address yourself, and see if that works.”NEW DOMAINS UNNECESSARY
Contradicting the testimony of other Internet firms, the head of Indonesia’s top English-speaking adult site, TurnInToYourOwnDesire.com, told a Senate panel yesterday it was having “no trouble” registering new and valuable .com domains, citing five it had registered in the past few weeks as proof that the need for additional top-level domains is exaggerated:· LowValueSex.com · FreeHeatedSex.com· YouAreToBeWantingMeBadAreYouNot.com· APrizeOfMyWetness.com· ComeAtMePresently.comSALLY STRUTHERS BEGS YOU TO SAVE THE DOT-COMS
Share Your Love with an Internet Company in Need; Become a Sponsor “Hello there,  Right now, all over the world, dot-coms are hurting. They are suffering from faulty business plans and cash-flow shortfalls. They lack earnings and even the most basic of revenue models. In many countries, 4 out of 5 dot-coms will die within the next two years. All that is needed is someone who will look into the eyes of a needy dot-com and say, ‘Yes, I will help.’ Someone like you.   With each passing day, dot-coms are finding it increasingly difficult to stay alive. Cut off from further venture funding or bank credit, without access to sufficient revenues, many are forced to make choices about which essentials they can afford: salaries or benefits, marketing or product development, sales or office parties? Choices no one should have to make. Despair takes the place of hope.  CLICK TO READ TESTIMONIALSIt doesn’t have to be this way. Right now, living, breathing dot-coms need your help. Please, look deep into your heart and make the decision to become a Save the Dot-Coms sponsor, and for as little as 79 cents a day (or about the cost of the average Internet stock today), you can help stop the suffering and give deserving dot-coms a better life today, and a chance for the future.   As a dot-com sponsor, you become a partner in bringing renewed hope to a dot-com whose future is now in doubt. The special relationship you can develop with your dot-com is something you’ll cherish forever. It starts with a photograph and corporate history of your dot-com. And it continues as you enjoy opportunities to get to know your sponsored dot-com (and for your dot-com to learn all about you!). Best of all, you’ll actually see the impact that your sponsorship is having. You’ll receive regular earnings reports and press releases from your dot-com, on your dot-com’s own stationery. And thanks to your contribution, you will keep your dot-com off the pages of DotComFailures or The Industry Standard‘s  Dot-Com Layoff Tracker.   Your tax-deductible contribution can be sent directly to the company, or to its creditors, or its lawyers, or to me, Sally Struthers. Imagine the excitement when we tell a special dot-com that someone wants to make a difference in its life! Still not convinced? Read testimonials from participants. Or hear the sad tale of a dot-com in need.   Please. There are so many precious dot-coms waiting to be sponsored. You can even sponsor a dot-com from an area or market that has special meaning to you or is close to your heart. Please, won’t you fill out the  sponsorship form today? Right now? The life of a dot-com is all too short. Extend a hand, and extend the hope.”HIGH SCIENTISTS INSIST EARTH IS DEPICTED UPSIDE DOWN MAYBE
A team of extremely high astrophysicists revealed today that mankind has for millenia incorrectly depicted Earth upside down, a stunning development that means everyone traveling right now is going in the wrong direction.Scientists also concluded that if Earth were made of cake, it would be delicious.The findings were announced at the annual International Earth Science Forum, which this year, due to budget constraints and a booking error, took place at a cannabis cafe in Amsterdam’s notorious De Wallen district.Grouped at tables throughout the smoke-filled shop, dozens of normally reserved scientists exchanged revolutionary — if somewhat impromptu — research, including a team of concussively stoned geologists who insisted that if you look at Earth from the inside, everything on the surface appears to be backwards.“This is… ever,” said one remarkably potted speleologist, responding either to the event or something in the ultraviolet. “Troglobite.”In what appeared to be a keynote address, Svalbard University astrophysicist Sven Carlsson offered up the “Theory of Earthly Inversionismness” that he and colleagues from America and Great Britain had just come up with. “North and South are artificial, man-made constructs, like this paisley snake I’m holding,” said Carlsson, incorrectly identifying his tie.Because there is no gravity in space, there is no up or down, Carlsson continued. Therefore, it’s just as likely that Asia, and not Australia, is down under. To prove it, Carlsson then leaned forward in his chair, put his head between his knees, and with some effort managed to view the underside of his seat. “Ha! Made in China!” he snorted, before toppling over.The Inversion hypothesis was quickly followed by announcements from other esteemed and estewed scientists. In one presentation, a team of thoroughly Marley’d chemists speculated that if Earth were invisible, it could spy on the other planets without them knowing about it, while a group of particularly fitshaced marine biologists announced that if Earth were composed entirely of water and humans adapted, Aquaman would just be some guy.Not to be outdone, a team of quakingly wasted seismologists theorized that if Earth got scared, it would scream like a girl, while a spliffload of cheerfully Chonged sedimentologists concluded that if Earth were transparent, we would be able to see up New Zealand.In other IESF developments:A team of barkingly baked astronomers proclaimed that four Earths could fit in Uranus and just could not stop giggling about it.A team of spectacularly torched stratographologists announced they would travel to Australia to learn if Ayers Rock were a massive protuberance or just happy to see them.A team of badly tripping climatologists insisted global warming was not man made but that Earth instead has been placed on a rotating spit by God who is using the Sun to slow-roast the planet over 13 billion years in order to eat it.In the meeting’s closing moments, the IESF was going to present its Lifetime Achievement award to South African paleontologist Jackson Holbern, but at the last minute instead gave it to Anders, who works behind the counter.NASA TURNS OFF SPACE TELESCOPES, GOES OUTSIDE
Saying everyone had spent more than enough time sitting in front of computer screens and TV monitors, NASA today abruptly turned off all its space telescopes and satellites and told scientists to go outside, for God’s sake. With more than 85 missions suddenly gone black, the 18,000 astronomers, mathematicians, technicians and others did as they were told, but not without a lot of grumbling and whining. “Just 10 more minutes?” asked a team of astrophysicists at the Goddard Space Flight Center in Maryland. “We’re just getting to the good part of this spectrum test.” “No!” their NASA administrator responded. “And take your friends from the European Space Agency with you.” At the Jet Propulsion laboratory in Pasadena, Cal., astronomers were interrupted right in the middle of observing their favorite star cluster, NGC 602. “But stars are cool!” griped lead researcher Nicole Weiss as she bumped past her director and sulked out the door, followed by a group of sullen Cal Tech physicists. After initially complaining, some scientists actually enjoyed themselves. “Look, there’s a star, right there, in the sky,” said her boss, pointing to the Sun. “Isn’t that cool?” “Ouch! It hurts my eyes,” whined Cal Tech Prof. Stephen Kielli. “Let’s go back inside and look at it on a monitor!” suggested Weiss. The U.S. space agency faced a similar reaction from scientists pouring over data from the Cassini spacecraft, which is studying Jupiter’s moon, Titan. “Go outside? But it’s raining,” argued planetary scientist Gilles Fouchier. “No it’s not. It’s a beautiful day,” replied his supervisor. “Not here. On Titan. It’s raining benzene!” said Fouchier. “I don’t care if it’s raining Benadryl, get outside!” barked his boss. “Well that’s just dumb,” Fouchier muttered under his breath as he stalked down the hall. “It can’t rain Benadryl on Titan. There’s no diphenhydramine on Titan. Stupidhead.”“What was that?” said the supervisor.“Nothing,” Fouchier mumbled. But outside the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory, where a NASA-led team has been working on radiation belts, deputy project scientists Han Ni Po and Elsa Grindell were surprised as they emerged blinking into the sunlight. “Wow, it’s summer,” said Han. “It’s… 2013,” noted Grindell. NASA said it would use the time “to clean up around here,” starting with the bathrooms, where, “these geniuses, who can remember pi to 100 decimal places, somehow never remember to put the seat down.”Hooked On Phonics Files for I Pee Oh
Gateway Learning Corporation, maker of Hooked On Phonics, said today it will spin off its language teaching arm in an in-ish-ul pub-lik aw-fer-ing, or I Pee Oh. In an S-1 filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the company said it hopes to sell 5 mil-yun shairs at ate dahl-erz. The offering will be underwritten by Goldman Sachs, and pronounced by a second grader who is now reading at the fourth-grade level, and really enjoying it.Four out of five stock analysts said they expect to see interest in the offering improve dramatically in just four weeks.SatireWire to Lay Off Half of Staff
In an effort to appear in sync with the Internet economy, online humor site SatireWire today announced it will lay off 50 percent of its staff, or approximately one person, by year’s end. According to SatireWire editor Treat Warland, the layoff of chief copy editor Calista Littlenod is necessary in order to make it appear as if he were streamlining operations. In addition, he noted, the move is particularly painful due to the fact that Littlenod is not a real person, but a fictional character he created to make the staff seem larger than it is. “All I can say is, woe are the times when even fictional dot-com employees must lose their jobs,” Warland declared. To facilitate the layoff, Warland said SatireWire would take a charge against fourth quarter earnings, if the company had any earnings. Littlenod, meanwhile, had nothing but praise for SatireWire. “All those people, that whole staff, is just great,” she said.FOOT-AND-MOUTH BELIEVED TO BE FIRST VIRUS UNABLE TO SPREAD THROUGH MICROSOFT OUTLOOK
Scientists at the Centers for Disease Control and Symantec’s AntiVirus Research Center today confirmed that foot-and-mouth disease cannot be spread by Microsoft’s Outlook email application. It is believed to be the first time the program has ever failed to propagate a major virus. “Frankly, we’ve never heard of a virus that couldn’t spread through Microsoft Outlook, so our findings were, to say the least, unexpected,” said Clive Sarnow, director of the CDC’s infectious disease unit. The study was immediately hailed by British officials, who said it will save millions of pounds and thousands of man hours. “Up until now we have, quite naturally, assumed that both foot-and-mouth and mad cow were spread by Microsoft Outlook,” said Nick Brown, Britain’s Agriculture Minister. “By eliminating it, we can focus our resources elsewhere.” However, researchers in the Netherlands, where foot-and-mouth has recently appeared, said they were not yet prepared to disqualify Outlook, which has been the progenitor of viruses such as “I Love You,” “Bubbleboy,” “Anna Kournikova,” and “Naked Wife,” to name but a few. Said Nils Overmars, director of the Molecular Virology Lab at Leiden University: “It’s not that we don’t trust the research, it’s just that as scientists, we are trained to be skeptical of any finding that flies in the face of established truth. And this one flies in the face like a blind drunk sparrow.” Executives at Microsoft, meanwhile, were equally skeptical, insisting that Outlook’s patented Virus Transfer Protocol (VTP) has proven virtually pervious to any virus. The company, however, will issue a free VTP patch if it turns out the application is not vulnerable to foot-and-mouth. Such an admission would be embarrassing for the software giant, but Symantec virologist Ariel Kologne insisted that no one is more humiliated by the study than she is. “Only last week, I had a reporter ask if the foot-and-mouth virus spreads through Microsoft Outlook, and I told him, ‘Doesn’t everything?’” she recalled. “Who would’ve thought?”‘Super Crack’: Ex-CIA Agent Reveals Government Plan To Release New Drug Into Inner-Cities
Earlier this week, a defector from the CIA released thousands of documents regarding the Agency’s involvement in drug-smuggling, extortion, and murder. There are ledgers, account numbers, signed directives, and all manner of incriminating evidence irrevocably linking CIA agents to hundreds of major felonies; but that’s not the worst part. The defector, one William Kingsley, has released the outline of a new plot to release an even more powerful drug into our nations cities.There have long been conspiracy theories regarding the introduction of crack cocaine into American inner-cities by the Central Intelligence Agency. The ‘tin-foil hat’ crowd has always been convinced that Contras and independent contractors flew cocaine-laden planes into the airport at Mena, Arkansas, under the supervision of Colonel Oliver North; and with the cooperation of then-Governor of Arkansas, Bill Clinton. According to stories and reports by ghosts and dead men, the cocaine was then sold to finance black operations undertaken by the CIA. Coups were staged with drug profits, revolutions were initiated with blood money. It was a dirty, risky business, and many lives were lost or ruined in the process. At least, that’s what the Infowars set would have you believe. Most logical people dismissed the whole thing as the delusions of madmen; at least that is, until now.Agent Kingsley, a West Point graduate and former intelligence officer, spent thirty years building a career as a high-level analyst in the Central Intelligence Agency, and no one is sure exactly why he chose to leave it all behind. The CIA is working hard to dismiss and discredit Kingsley as an extremist, but extremist or no, there is no disputing the credibility of the information he has released thus far. In his latest release of information via prepared statement, posted on various social networks and forums, Kingsley outlined the plan to release the new drug.“The CIA has developed a new drug which gives the euphoric rush of cocaine, has the addictive qualities of heroin, with little risk of overdose. It is easily and cheaply produced, but requires listed chemicals and complex laboratory equipment. The goal was to keep costs down while making the drug nearly impossible to manufacture on the streets. After months of formulations, they hit the nail on the head. The Agency has not given the drug an official name, but for the time being, it is being referred to as ‘super crack’. The drug will be produced in several forms, to target the various types of users.”The formula released by Kingsley has been tested by independent chemists and confirmed to be highly narcotic, and dangerously addictive. Dr Leo Marvin, a highly respected research pharmacist and organic chemist examined the formula and was shocked by its potency.“This compound replicates dopamine and oxytocin at a rate that would nearly overwhelm the brain’s receptors. To return to baseline levels of those neurotransmitters after such an experience would no doubt render a person nearly suicidally depressed. A person addicted to a drug like this would be willing to pay any cost necessary to keep it in their system. The profit margin would be nearly unlimited,” Dr Marvin said, after his study of the compound.Agent Kingsley asserts that the CIA plans to use the drug not only as a form of revenue, but also as a method of producing subservient and mindless zombies who can be controlled by manipulation of their addiction. He has provided pages of notes regarding the development of the drug and its possible uses.“Imagine an army that doesn’t care about death or morality. That’s what the Agency wants. They are going to use this drug as a multiplier or a lever. A hit-man will kill a man for ten thousand dollars. A junkie will do it for a fix. For ten thousand dollars, they can make thousands of fixes. You do the math.”“CREEPED OUT” PLAYSTATION HACKERS RETURN IDENTITIES
Just two weeks after breaching the Sony Playstation Network database, hackers today returned the nearly 80 million stolen identities, saying many of them were so “sad,” “disturbing,” or “frighteningly abnormal” that they should never be replicated.Despite stealing Charlie Sheen's identity, hackers said even he was not creepy enough to be put on a list.“When we got into the network, we took away lot of stuff — addresses, credit card numbers, passwords – but mostly what we took away was that Playstation users have a very high creepiness factor,” said Ampli2D, one of the four hackers involved in the theft. “The truth is we don’t want to clone their credit cards or in any way pretend we’re these people. No one should. Ever.“I’m serious,” he added. “Ever.”Ampli2d said he didn’t want to get into specifics due to “recurring night terrors,” but said of the 77 million people whose accounts they inspected, about 8 million should never be allowed near sharp objects, small children, or, in a few cases, taxidermists.Ampli2d and his colleagues broke into the database in mid April and spent the next week categorizing stolen accounts numerically, depending on how much detail they had on each person. But as they learned more about the users – delving into personal emails and even hard drives — they changed their groups to include categories such as “Sad,” “Creepy,” “Embarrassing,” “Appalling,” “Please God No,” “WTF?” and “Seriously, WTF?”Domino, another of the hackers, said they didn’t make a “Gaming Obsessed Introvert” category as it would have been too large. She also refused to say what separated “WTF?” from “Please God No,” insisting she didn’t want to give anyone ideas.“Really, really, really weird ideas,” she said.Asked how bad the information was, Domino smiled. Then laughed. Then sobbed. Then shook violently for 30 seconds. Then frowned.“You know how friends and neighbors of a murder suspect say they wish they could have seen it coming?” she said. “Well, let me just say that if you’re a friend or neighbor of Jared Lee Castlewood from Bellmar, Ohio, it’s coming. It’s most definitely coming.”Domino also advised anyone who knows Carla Luciana Farzati of Siena, Italy, not to look under her bed, and insisted Kevin Doohan MacManus of Glasgow should never be asked where he got that scar.Another accomplice, nicknamed MemeDeath, said he was more concerned by residents of an entire dorm of university students in Boston, who were put on a special Do Not Replicate list.MemeDeath grew agitated at the suggestion that the students were put on the list only because they had no money to steal.“Look, this isn’t about money,” he said. “This is about self-respect. This is about common decency. This is about… well… let’s just say it involves the words ‘fat-thwacking’ and ‘skin weasel.’ Which were terms I’d never heard before. And wish I never had.”Three of the four hackers say they are now on medication.According to reports, PlayStation users plan to file suit against Sony for failing to have computer safeguards in place, thereby exposing their information to intruders. Hackers now say they plan to sue Sony for the same reason.Hackers Attack Air-Traffic Control Centers, Cause “On-Time Chaos”
A  congressional report warning that U.S. air traffic control is vulnerable to computer attack proved true today, as hackers broke into several control center computers, wreaking havoc on the airline industry by causing planes to land safely and on time. “Our systems are not designed for this kind of reckless, irresponsible efficiency,” stressed Delta Airlines spokesman Dan Ryan who, like other airline executives, said he would go to Washington to meet with the FAA. “Until these individuals are stopped, we cannot guarantee… oh damn, my plane’s here already. I’ve got to go. This is lunacy.”Intel Says Not Bunch of “Fancy Dans”
Chipmaker Intel this morning said a press release issued by the company yesterday stating, “We are fancy Dans with satin hands Una Paloma Blanca over the mountains tiny puppies pass the pistachio nuts nuts nuts with the munchy-crunchy satellite dish tornado crackers Mazeltov,” makes no sense whatsoever. In a separate statement, Intel announced it would Gilgamesh crampons Puddleby Gewurztraminer, but would likely later deny it.“CokeSpill” Virus Strikes Innnnntel, DDDDDellll
A computer virus labeled “CokeSpill,” which mimics the spill of a Coca-Cola on a computer keyboard, has infected computers at Innnntel, Suuuuun Microooosystems and DDDDellll, said a spokesman for Syyyyyymmmmmantec, whose network was also infected. The virus, which comes attached to an email entitled “Eating at your desk again?” rewrites a computer’s keyboard instructions to make it believe the computer’s user has been eating at his or her desk again.“The virus got into our system last night, and already has caused system-wide disruption,” said Stan Josten, a spokesman for 22M.Report That Pessimists Die Sooner No Big Surprise to Pessimists
A study issued Tuesday claiming that pessimists have more long-term health problems than positive people just proves pessimists were right, say pessimists. The research, conducted by the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minn., found that less positive people suffer significantly higher rates of illness, and advised physicians to encourage their patients to adopt a more positive outlook to improve and lengthen their lives. Pessimists across the country said they would try, though they seriously doubted it would work. “OK, here’s a positive thought,” said Chicago resident Eric Weinstadt. “Why not save me the trouble I’m going to have later and just shoot me now?” “No wait, save the bullet,” he added. “I’m going out to a party with my so-called friends tonight. I’ll bet I die of boredom.”Sites Offer Large Print for Old People
Reacting to new studies claiming people aged 55 and older are the fastest growing segment of new Internet users, hundreds of Web sites have begun offering large print versions, as well as embedding helpful reminders in their text, such as “Don’t forget about that urology appointment,” and, “Your glasses are on your head.”“Technically, you can change the font size in your browser software if the text is too small, but the people who need to do that are exactly the ones who can’t figure that out,” said Jill Smith, a spokesperson for DeadClassmates.com, a new subsidiary of Classmates.com that helps people find out which old friends and schoolmates are now dead.Fired eBay Employees Auctioned Off
As part of the staff cuts it announced yesterday, online auction site eBay said it will not release its employees outright, but will auction them off individually. To increase interest in the employees, who will come from the company’s offline Butterfield & Butterfield division, eBay has paired each outgoing staffer with a fine collectible.So far, bidding on human-resources-manager-Claudia-Penton-with-a-set-of-Mr.-Peanut- snack-cups has been slow, but the action on marketing-director-Randy-Keller-with- a-hand-painted-Limoges-sardine-server has been quite hectic. Said Keller: “I think it’s obvious why my bids are moving. I have six years experience in product positioning and demand planning, and come with a matching server tray.”27M STUDENT ESSAYS ARE GONNA BE LATE
Internet site Wikipedia has shut down for 24 hours in a move that may cause Congress to reconsider proposed anti-piracy legislation and will cause at least 27 million student essays to be turned in a day late. Maybe two.On its otherwise unavailable pages, the information supersite said proposed bills in the U.S. House and Senate threaten Internet freedom, but University of Washington freshman Josh Baldino said the bigger threat is to his History 111 paper on the Treaty of Ghent.“It was assigned like a month ago and was due Wednesday, so I was gonna research and write it just before class but I couldn’t because Wikipedia was off,” explained Baldino. “So either I skip class or say the Treaty of Ghent never happened, which maybe is true, I don’t know because Wikipedia can’t tell me.”Baldino said repeated attempts to find out what the Treaty was were unsuccessful as Wikipedia kept returning a black page. Repeated attempts to use other sources to find out what the Treaty was were not made as that’s what Wikipedia is for, he added.For Atlanta high school senior Kelly Gale, the absence of her go-to research site means Mr. Washington can forget about seeing anything from her on mollusk reproduction.“I’m supposed to have two separate sources and of course we’re not allowed to use Wikipedia but technically I don’t ‘cause I scroll to the bottom of the Wikipedia page and write down the sources for the article as my sources,” she said. “Yes, I am an honors student, thanks.”Looking for options, Gale said she even went to Google and searched for, “Can I write a paper without using Wikipedia?” The first two results were from Wikipedia (true).“It’s like I’m caught in a vicious circle,” she said.Long Island high school junior Bobby Drakowski, whose paper on glaciers will be both delayed and remarkably similar to his 18 geography classmates, said he admires Wikipedia’s stance on freedom.“I would quote some famous guy talking about freedom right here but I can’t ‘cause, well, you know,” he said.In a related note, Republican presidential hopeful Newt Gingrich today accused Wikipedia of going black, “just to get on food stamps,” but later took off his Klan hood an apologized.New Web Site Launched for Those Without Internet Access
Reacting to an alarming new report that warns of a widening “digital divide” between those who have Internet access and those who don’t, the United Nations last week launched HaveNot.org, a community and commerce site targeted at the estimated 5 billion people who do not have access to the Internet. According to HaveNot director Anthawal Nadretee, traffic so far “has been very slow, which we think is encouraging.”Dot-Coms Sick of All the Survivor Analogies
Executives at nearly a dozen flailing Internet companies said today they were “sick and tired” of all the analogies to the CBS show Survivor, and just hope it all comes to an end now that the show is over. “It was real cute at first,” said Timothy Harrington, CEO of online sports retailer Fogdog. “You know, like the one about how the Internet, just like TV, went from Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? to Survivor. Ha ha. But the truth is, to equate some stupid television show to the misfortunes of real people and real businesses is insensitive and irresponsible.”Asked if Fogdog planned to apply as a particpant in next season’s Survivor, Harrington became highly agitated, forcing a reporter to hastily exit Fogdog’s offices.Poison Ivy To Be Placed on Endangered Species List
Poison Ivy, one of the most hated plants in the world that causes irritation and itching on skin, has a new ally who wants to protect it from ending up becoming extinct. While there being fewer of these plants in the wild is good news for gardeners, it’s bad news for botanists who grew a weird attachment to the annoying weed.While most people are celebrating Poison Ivy’s potential exit from the Earth, while some botanists are in mourning. “I love toxicodendron radicans, because I like the green. It’s why I became a botanist,” said Eugene Humphries, founder of The Society to Save Poison Ivy From Extinction (TSTSPIFE), which is located in New Hampshire. “It might seem like it’s everywhere, but if you seriously look back and recall the last time you had Poison Ivy rashes, you were probably in elementary school. It’s really not that bad.”To save Poison Ivy, Humphries suggests everyone stops pulling it from their gardens, backyards, lawns, and hiking trails. “The more that it stays, the more will grow. Gardeners and selfish moms with kids who whine about a little itch on their leg have destroyed the most aesthetically interesting plant I’ve ever known. Roses have thorns, but I don’t see anybody trying to pull them out of the ground and into extinction. Personally, I don’t see a problem with rolling around in the plant. It’s really very satisfying”.Humphries will do whatever it takes to  spread the word. He plans to go around the United States to recruit more TSTSPIFE members. He also shared his plans to place signs around parks, in yards, and gardens, reminding folks of the damage they’re doing to the Earth. “If Poison Ivy goes away, I have to live the rest of my life knowing that people I don’t like will enjoy their hikes, itch-free,” he said. “All I really need is two or three more members, so I’m not doing this alone. Help me protect toxicodendron radicans, and you’ll help save a wonderful plant, and maybe even help save the world.”House Sends Spam Bill to Senate; Senate Spam Filter Deletes It
The anti-spam bill passed by the U.S. House of Representatives Tuesday was sent to the Senate today, but the Senate’s spam filtering software automatically determined it was junk mail and deleted it. Amy Lee, Chief System Administrator of the Senate, defended the software’s actions: “Our filter recognizes the email addresses of anyone known to propagate junk,” she said. “This one came from house.gov. Of course the program blocked it.”Undeterred, House leaders vowed to send the Unsolicited Electronic Mail Act again. “We sent that bill to the Senate because they were referred or requested additional information,” said Rep. Heather Wilson, R-N.M. “I don’t want to waste their time or ours, but we are seeking positive, motivated individuals that are serious about voting for this bill and making their dreams come true! Hot House staffers are waiting for their call !!!”HACKED FACEBOOK ACCOUNTS MAY EXPLAIN BILLIONS OF INANE POSTS
Investigators who discovered hackers stole millions of user passwords from Facebook and other web sites said today account hijacking may finally explain the massive number of mind-numbing Facebook posts that appear on the site every day."What real person would post this?" said cyber experts.“It’s clear that malicious individuals have gotten into these accounts and, posing as the real users, posted the most useless and arbitrary things they could think of,” said CyberPicket CEO Marvin Distin. “How else would you explain a post like, ‘Another pretty sunset’ or ‘Went shopping today?’ Ordinary people wouldn’t do that. Obviously. It must be the work of some twisted hackers who get a sadistic kick out of filling the Internet with nothing.” The stolen usernames and passwords from Facebook, Twitter and others, found on a server in the Netherlands, come from around the globe and have been collected over several years, according to CyberPicket. Facebook said it has reset the passwords for users whose accounts were compromised, but researchers are suspicious of that claim. “It’s not fixed because these inane posts keep appearing,” said Distin. “Things like, ‘Eating breakfast at the Waffle House just outside Charlotte.’ ‘Looking forward to the weekend!’ These hackers must think we’re stupid.” As an example, Distin cited a recent post by Facebook user Kent Siboben of Lindale, Ill., who posted a picture of his new mailbox and wrote ‘New mailbox!’ above it. “I’m sure Mr. Siboben would never do that himself,” Distin said. However, reached via phone, Siboben admitted that he had posted the image. “Yeah, that was my new mailbox,” he said. “I thought it was, well, I don’t know what. Hey, a bunch of people ‘liked’ it.” “My God, this is worse than I thought,” responded Distin. “The hackers have even infiltrated user phone numbers and are pretending to be actual people.” According to security experts, the majority of hacked accounts found on the server had “absurdly simple” passwords associated with them, the most common being “123456,” followed by “123456789,” “1234,” “password” and “12345.” While some have suggested this is how hackers got into the accounts in the first place, Distin said it is more likely the infiltrators simplified the passwords.“Actual people – those who knew anything about the Internet, anything at all – would never use ‘password’ as a password,” he said. “No, the hackers must have gotten in and changed the passwords to make it appear as if there are literally millions of incredibly moronic people on the Internet. Fortunately, this is so far from reality that we can see right through it.”Amazon Says Its Stock Price “Mislabeled”
Less than a week after Amazon.com fixed a pricing error that enabled customers to buy toys at deep discounts, the company announced today that due to another glitch in its ordering software, the price of its stock has been incorrectly labeled at $30. The actual price should be $230, the company insisted. Amazon apologized for the inconvenience, and asked the Nasdaq stock exchange, where its stock trades, to please correct the price. As a goodwill gesture, the company said it will give $5 gift certificates to investors toward their next Amazon stock purchase. Nasdaq responded that it would honor the company’s request “when Hell freezes over, or Amazon turns a profit,” whichever comes first.INVESTORS STUNNED TO LEARN CISCO NOT JUST STOCK, ALSO COMPANY THAT MAKES THINGS
The rumors about Cisco Systems have been circulating for months, but the earnings warning and plunge in its share price Tuesday left little doubt in investors’ minds that Cisco is not just a famous stock, but may in fact have been operating as a large company that makes complex and incomprehensible equipment related to high technology.“I got into Cisco two years ago because I was made to understand it was really the tech stock to own,” said Cisco shareholder Anthony Timson of Rahway, N.J. “Honestly, it never occurred to me that there was anything more to it. Frankly, I feel betrayed.”Once considered the core high-tech holding, Cisco has watched its share price fall 80 percent from last year’s peak. As a result, much more attention lately has been given to the company’s market share, revenues, and products, such as routers, switches, and Virtual Private Network concentrators. Rarely, if ever, is Cisco simply identified as a highly recommended stock or “surefire” high tech bet.While Cisco CEO John Chambers said he is sorry investors have had to learn about the company this way, he believes the public defrocking will be good in the long run.“Until recently, the only reason many people had heard of Cisco was because our stock was famous,” he said. “Now people will get to know us for what we do. We’ll be just like any other high tech company.”Timson, however, disagreed. “Other high tech companies make shit I can understand,” he said.RANKED 25th IN WORLD IN MATH, U.S. STUDENTS GLAD TO “BE IN TOP 10″
A key academic assessment released today ranked America’s high schoolers 25th in the world in math, a showing that pleased U.S. students who figure that at least keeps them in the top 1O. “This is awesome,” said San Antonio high school junior Keegan Russell as he looked over the results. “By my count, you’ve only got China at 1, Finland at 2, and Latvia at 33, ahead of us.”The exam, given in 2009 by the Vienna-based Program for International Student Assessment, tested 470,000 students in 65 countries in math, reading, and science. Aside from math, the U.S. ranked 14th in reading, and 17th in science, numbers that alarmed U.S. educators.“The results are extraordinarily challenging to us and we have to deal with the brutal truth,” said U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan. “”This is an absolute wake-up call for America.”“Yeah wake up America, your kids are the shizz!” said Brendan Halerty, a sophomore in Las Vegas. “That’s the truth. Brutal.”President Obama, who has long criticized the decline in U.S. academic standards, said the results show America is at serious risk of falling behind China and the rest of the world. Students, however, say they don’t understand the pessimism.“OK, this year we finished at number 25, and last time we finished 26th, so we fell five places, but we’re still really strong,” said Florida 10th grader Samantha Wenger. “I know the President is better at math than me, ‘cause he can reduce a deficit by adding to it, but honestly, lighten up.”As for the other test scores, students conceded their generation has some work to do.“We got ranked 17th in science, but that’s a prime number, or a negative number, so I can’t talk about that because we haven’t covered those yet,” Wenger said. “But in reading we came in 14th, so we’re next-to-last out of 65, which is bad.”Halerty, however, pointed out that the PISA test, while considered “standardized,” was in fact weighted against U.S. students. “If you think about it, this really isn’t a fair comparison,” he said. “Like the Chinese students, they took the test in Chinese. We had to take it in English. Way harder.”Still No Helmut Kohl Pics at Porn Sites
Former German Chancellor Helmut Kohl once again finished dead last in the latest PornoMetrix survey, which tracks the use of naked celebrity images on pornographic sites. According to PornoMetrix, naked or provocative pictures of the overweight, scandal-plagued Kohl could not be found on any pornographic Web sites in August, the fifth straight month Kohl has placed last. Rounding out the bottom 10 were Bette Midler, E.L. Doctorow, Linda Tripp, Dick Cheney, Rosa Parks, former Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin, and the cast of Monday Night Football.There were no changes at the top of the list, with Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera, and the Queen Mother once again finishing 1-2-3.Conptr@Versjal Nev Kkeyboadr Duficulp to Lern^
DD@11las, =Tewas [(S$at’ireW|re.(om\ – AAA revolYtionary &new kkeybordf moeant to deplace #he trabiitional*l QWERTY arrrranjme3nt ov kkey$ i&s @1moast imnpoS$sible) +o use, aAcCoardng +o U*-ser$ wh07 ar4e Kkeerrurren+|y te$tin9 th%e probbuc+. “”"III h@te thizz f*&kin# s+up|d fring!~,,”= 00ne bbata testrrr wwr0+e in annn emlaill.“AOL of Latin America” Adopts Busy Signal
Building on its self-professed desire to become the “AOL of Latin America,” StarMedia CEO Fernando Espuelas said today the company will now enter a two-year period during which dial-up subscribers will be unable to connect to the service most of the time.STUDY FINDS WOMEN WHO DRINK WAY MORE FUN TO STUDY
According to a new study on female alcohol use and blood pressure, young women who consume two or three alcoholic drinks a week are much more fun to do research on than women who do not consume alcohol.  This woman reduced her risk of high blood pressure, and increased her interest among researchers, just by consuming a few drinks.The report also found that women who have a few drinks each week are less likely to develop high blood pressure. Whatever. The report, published in the Archives of Internal Medicine, studied drinking patterns and blood pressure among 70,000 nurses between the ages of 25 and 42. Dr. Eric Shinauer, who headed the study for Harvard’s School of Public Health, put the findings in perspective. “Alcohol, 70,000 nurses, and us,” he said. “Is that cool or what?” Shinauer and his colleagues, Dr. Andrew Sporata and Dr. Chandra Palava, conceded their initial grant was to study salt consumption. However, upon reflection, the trio decided that adjusting the parameters would dramatically heighten their interest in the research. Explained Palava: “What it came down to was, did we want to say, ‘Here young lady, have some salt and let’s see what happens,’ or, ‘Here young lady, have a drink and let’s see what happens.’” “We’re scientists, but we’re not dead,” he added. In fact, Shinauer theorized there would be much more interest in studying women’s health issues if alcohol were involved. Reaction to his study seems to bear this out, as already, several leading universities say they will attempt to verify the group’s findings. At Stanford University, epidemiologist Bruce Cawthorn said his department is very interested in testing Shinauer’s conclusion that women who have more than 10 alcoholic drinks a week increase their risk of developing high blood pressure by 30 percent. But more importantly, he added, his staff is “totally stoked” by the concomitant finding that these same women were also, statistically speaking, a blast.  Shinauer, however, insisted their most valuable conclusion was that researchers could do variations on this type of study for years. “We could do how alcohol affects blood pressure among female flight attendants, or how alcohol affects blood pressure among female strippers. We are so golden.” Palava, meanwhile, said he is working on “the Holy Grail” for this area of study — a report on how drinking among young women affects drinking among young women. “We just have to figure out some statistically significant reason for doing it,” he said. Palava bristled, however, at the suggestion that researchers should also study the effect of alcohol on young men. “Jesus, we’re not gay,” he said.58 PERCENT OF AMERICANS’ FANTASIES NOW APPLE-RELATED
According to a new study, 58 percent of Americans’ fantasies are now Apple-related.It is the first time more than half the U.S. population has shared the prime object of sexual fantasy, and also the first time a non-human has topped the list since Mel Gibson in 1992.In the survey of 5,000 American adults by the Kinsey Institute, researchers uncovered thousands of Apple-related fantasies from men and women. The 10 most common:WITH A STRANGERKate R., Oregon: “It’s the middle of the night and I wake up and there’s this strange man in my room and he’s frightening but rugged and handsome and he says, ‘Don’t move’ and I nod and he whips out this shiny new Apple device I’ve never seen and he says, ‘This one’s called…” and I say, ‘Shhh… no. We don’t need to use names.’”WITH A CELEBRITYMiriam L., New York: “Oh my God, Jeff Goldblum all the way. In the film Independence Day, there’s this scene where Jeff is alone in this room working on his trusty PowerBook 5300 with his shirt off. Suddenly he has this epiphany, picks the PowerBook up and hugs it to his muscular chest. I fantasize about that scene all the time. I play Jeff Goldblum.”THREESOMERichard P., Texas: “I have an iPad, but sometimes I think about having two iPads, at the same time. That would be hot. And when I get tired, maybe the two iPads would also, you know, interface. Connect. Hook up. That would be totally hot. I’d film that. On my iPhone.ROLE PLAYINGBrandi R, Wisconsin: “I call Apple and order the ‘Office for Mac Student and Teacher Edition,’ and when I try to install the software it asks if I’m a student and I click the box that says, ‘Yes and I’ve been a bad girl.’ Because there’s a box for that in my fantasy.”FORBIDDEN FRUITCarol F., Virginia: “I know it’s wrong to think about my best friend’s husband, but he’s, wow. He’s got the whole package: iPhone, MacBook Air, iPod Classic, AppleTV, plus a massive, 12-core Mac Pro with Xeon Westmere processors and two terabytes of memory. My husband, by comparison, has an iPod nano. Which is why I keep an external hard drive in my bedside drawer.”FORBIDDEN ENTRYBrad  J, Florida: “Instead of turning on my Mac Pro from the front, I try to  access it through the port on the back. The operating manual says not  to, but I figure if I keep trying, eventually I’ll get my way.”DOMINATIONRichard M., California: “I’m an executive at work, but at home sometimes I like to be told what to do. For me, that means I’m installing OS X Lion and I get to the license agreement page and the button says ‘Accept’ and first I click ‘Decline’ and the software says ‘You must accept this agreement’ and I click ‘Decline’ again and the screen says ‘You Must Accept!’ and I’m like, ‘Please no!’ and it’s like “Accept! Accept!” and I click ‘OK God yes I accept!’” IN PUBLICKevin N., Georgia: “My girlfriend and I are dancing in this club full of people and we get really hot and start taking our clothes off and we start making love right there on the dance floor in front of everybody. And the fantasy part is, they’re all Steve Jobs.”OLD FLAMELeona P., Colorado: “I have a 24-inch iMac with OS X Snow Leopard, and it’s great and all, but sometimes I fantasize about going back to my old PowerBook DUO 230 with Mac OS 7.6. I know it wouldn’t be as good as I remember it, but System 7 was codenamed ‘Big Bang’ for a reason.”SPANKINGNigel T., Massachusetts: “Usually my fantasy goes like this: my wife comes home from work and she gets on the Mac and it’s acting kind of slow and she says, ‘Nigel, did you install the latest Airport update?’ and I come in the room and say ‘No dear’ and she throws me over her knee and shouts ‘Bad boy! Bad boy!’ and starts spanking me with a 6-pin FireWire cable. And in my fantasy I never use our safe word, which is ‘QuickTime.’”Groundbreaking Study Shows Prayer Might Not Actually Help Terminally Ill Patients
An important study recently concluded that gathered the minds of doctors, scientists, priests, and hundreds of thousands of people revealed some potentially devastating information: praying for people with terminal illnesses might not save their lives or even relieve their suffering.In the five year long study, one hundred terminally ill cancer patients volunteered to take part. Half of them acted as the control group, while almost a million people, sourced through various channels, prayed for the other half consistently. The results: each case ended at completely random intervals, with only one person making a full recovery. This one man was in the control group.“I had a hunch prayer might not be as effective as people make it out to be, but I never thought it would be completely useless,” one of the leading doctors for the study remarked.The group behind the study followed up with a report stating that the findings were not entirely conclusive since “God’s will can’t be proven,” suggesting that the Holy Spirit already had different plans for this group of people. Nonetheless, it raises skepticism and is pushing more doctors to rely on their years of painstaking medical studies instead of prayer.“The craziest part for me,” one of the study’s unbiased third-party observers said, “is that the people in the non-prayer group actually did better overall. I mean obviously with something like cancer it’s hard to tell because every case is different, but since people weren’t allowed to pray for them they spent their time raising money for research, helping them pay their medical bills, and in general doing whatever else they could to help.”Several members of the study’s prayer group also chipped in to financially and emotionally support the control group without prayer, often finding that their time felt much better spent. A much larger and longer-term study is scheduled to begin in a few months to hopefully gather a second round of evidence.JUDGE DENIES BIAS AGAINST “GUILTY MICROSOFT BASTARDS”
Attempting to keep both his reputation and ruling intact, Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson today apologized for his derogatory public remarks about Microsoft, admitting they were “injudicious and unwarranted,” but urged an appeals court not to conclude he was ever biased against the software giant.   Judge Jackson“I had then, and still have today, no personal opinions whatsoever as regards those guilty lying bastards at Microsoft, or the evil prick son of a bitch who runs it,” said Jackson, adding that his earlier negative comments were taken out of context. Jackson’s ex parte remarks to the press, which include comparing Microsoft to a criminal street gang, and its executives to spoiled children, drew unprecedented wrath from the U.S. Court of Appeals Tuesday. The seven-member appellate court was particularly bothered by Jackson’s statement to a reporter that Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates, “has a Napoleonic concept of himself … an arrogance that derives from power and unalloyed success.” “The system would be a sham if all the judges were doing this,” scolded Chief Appellate Judge Harry Edwards. “We have to be careful about the metaphors we use.” A contrite Jackson agreed with Edwards, explaining that perhaps Napoleon was the wrong choice. “When I said ‘Napoleon,’ I did not mean to imply that Mr. Gates’ ulterior motive was world conquest or the suppression of democratic principles,” Jackson wrote. “I only meant that he’s a little shit.” The judges hinted that Jackson, who last year ruled Microsoft was a monopoly and should be broken up, would be removed from the case should it be remanded to a lower court. Microsoft argued that Jackson’s remarks should also cause the entire case to be thrown out. Jackson, however, urged the court to allow him to once again oversee the case, promising to welcome the litigants with an unbiased mind, and pledging to henceforth to preclude himself from making any public comments, derogatory or otherwise, regarding Microsoft. “This step I would take to preserve the dignity of the bench, to restore integrity in our judicial system, and to prove that in the United States, it is possible even for a bunch of major league assholes to receive a fair trial,” he said.‘I Love You’ Email Recipient Still Waits For Flowers, Phone Call
It’s been three months since Angelina Dupree received an email declaring “I Love You,” but the 33-year-old divorcee said today she’s given up hope of ever hearing again from the sender, whom she now suspects was just toying with her emotions. “I was so excited when I got that email,” said Dupree. “I told my friend Shirley about it, and she was like, ‘Honey, you infected with that Love Bug!” and I was like, ‘Girl, you know it!’” But since then, Dupree lamented, there has been only silence. “No flowers. No phone call. Nothing,” she said, fighting back tears. Dupree said she got the email from an online bookstore where she once had placed an order. The sender wasn’t identified, but Dupree is certain it was a man. “I know it wasn’t a woman because a woman don’t act like that,” said Dupree. “Only a no-good lying bastard man would be all like, ‘Oh baby, I love you,’ and then just disappear.”To Keep Reader Interest on Web, Sites Work Hard to Make Stories Brief and Make Headlines Snappy, Interesting, and Also Brief, If They Can Do That And Still Get Their Point Across
Acknowledging that surfers on the World Wide Web are as short on time as they are on attention span, Internet sites are “working hard” at trying to keep both their headlines and the text of their site copy brief, concise, non-repetitive, and to the point, a move they hope will cause readers to look at more than just the headline, and also keep readers from giving up on a story or product description without ever making it to the second or third paragraph because the first paragraph was too long or convoluted, or failed to instill confidence in the reader that the rest of the story or description was worth reading, particularly if the first few sentences appeared to say it all or, worse, if they didn’t convince readers that the ensuing text would be able to add much to what they had already read in the first few sentences or paragraphs of the story or description they are reading. “On the Web, people don’t really have long attention spans, so you have to keep your sentences short and avoid being overly long, and the information you impart in those sentences, that should be very brief and concise and snappy, if you can pull that off without failing to explain what exactly the story or description is about or says,” explained site design expert Jakob Nielsen. “One way of doing that is to keep to a minimum quotes from people, be they other readers, customers, or so-called experts, that you can easily shorten or perhaps simply do without because what they are saying is repetitive or overly long or doesn’t really say anything that you haven’t already said before in your story or description.”Pregnant Women Can Fly
A new report by the American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology stating that pregnant women can fly safely until their 36th week is “misleading and dangerous,” according to a 28-year-old Minneapolis woman who, just 30 weeks pregnant, suffered a broken leg and several bruised ribs shortly after takeoff Friday. Responded ACOG spokesman Dr. Daniel Fisch: “Airplanes.”Media: Typos in Microsoft Earnings Release!
Initially saddened and confused by this week’s strong earnings report from Microsoft, which gave it little to criticize, the media rebounded strongly today, noting the release had “numerous” typos and grammatical errors that, said one reporter, “clearly show this is a still a company under siege and unsure of its server and operating system markets.” “Look at the first sentence – ‘Microsoft Corp. today announced income before accounting change of $2.58 billion for the quarter ended Sept. 30,’” said New York Times editor Frank Sherman. “There should be an ‘an’ before income. That, to me, is indicative of a company that is on its heels, and we have to question its .NET strategy going forward.” Joyce Cranston, an editor at Barron’s, said a mixed metaphor found at the end of the third paragraph was evidence of operating system weakness. “They use the phrase ‘a rich set of building blocks’,” she noted. “Excuse me? Building blocks can be rich? I sense a company struggling with the threat from Linux.” Added Cranston: “Oh check out this phrase – ‘During the quarter, MSN, the Web’s largest network with more than 210 million unique users worldwide…’ Hello? How about a comma between ‘network’ and ‘with?’ It completely changes the meaning of the sentence, and reeks of anti-competitive behavior.”Starving, Dying Poor to Get Much-Needed Net Access
The world’s poorest nations reacted with elation yesterday after learning the G-8 economic powers have pledged to bring them into the digital economy by wiring their countries. “With access to stock quotes, entertainment news, and streaming video pornography, I will finally be able to feed my family,” said Jamil Jurawa, who lives near a contaminated well in a small east Gambian village. “This is a great day and I hope not to die of dysentery before it ends.”In late July, the Group of 8 authorized a Digital Opportunity Taskforce, or “Dot Force,” to investigate how to wire the Third World and help bridge the rich-poor technology gap. Relief agencies denounced the plan as absurd, insisting that food and medicine are needed first. But the Dot Force argued that information is also critical, and to prove its point, it provided computers and Internet access to Jamil Jurawa and his brother Tamar, who lives in a neighboring Gambian village. The two exchanged instant messages that, said Dot Force members, exemplify the knowledge-sharing power of the Internet:“Tamar, I have no food. Do you have food?”“Jamil, I also have no food. But tonight Britney is to chat at E-Online!”“Good one! I am ROFLDM (Rolling On The Floor Laughing and Dying of Malnutrition).”“OK! CTFN! (Contracting Typhoid Fever Now).”Microsoft Hacker Still A Mystery; Sun Releases Sun Office, Sun 2000
Microsoft executives continued to insist today that whoever hacked into their computer system did not gain access to the source codes of its major products. However, Redmond officials conceded they may never learn the identity of the culprit or culprits. In an unrelated note, Sun Microsystems surprised industry observers this morning by releasing Sun Office, Sun NT, and two operating systems called Sun 2000 and Sun Me (Millenium edition).Cloning White People Deemed Redundant
Spurred by disturbing claims that  three women may already be pregnant with the first human clones, a group of Asian, African, and Hispanic scientists today declared that while genetic research may prove beneficial to mankind, the cloning of white people should be banned as redundant since “they all look alike already.” “I know they say there are differences, but really, if you’ve seen one white person, you’ve seen them all,” said South Korean geneticist Oh Woon Chun, who along with 600 other signatories said they would refuse to participate in any research that could lead to the cloning of white people. Added Nigerian fertility specialist Isaac Olisay: “We should be cloning people who are unique, people who see the world in different ways, not people who all act the same.” In response, outraged Caucasians across Europe, Australia, and North America said they intended to contact their attorneys. “See?” replied Olisay.WINDOWS NOT A VIRUS
Symantec issued an apology to Microsoft yesterday after the security software maker’s AntiVirus Research Center issued an alert for a “widespread and lethal virus known to cause system crashes and data loss” that turned out to be the Windows 2000 operating system. Symantec CEO John Thompson called it a “regrettable but understandable” mistake.AD NETWORK RELENTS
Online advertising network DoubleClick, under fire from the New York state attorney general for its now-scrapped plan to personally identify Web surfers and their habits through its software, denied today it ever implemented the scheme and offered to make amends by paying for online subscriptions to “any of the numerous porn sites” the attorney general frequents daily between 11:35 a.m. and 2 p.m. from his Dell XPS D300 office computer running Windows 98 and Netscape Navigator 4.6.NASA Astronaut Who Was Lost in Space Returns After 20 Years
A family was reunited with a long-lost father today as Garry Hickens returned from space after being stuck in orbit for over 20 years. Hickens, a name you’ll all soon know very well, began his career at NASA over 30 years ago. He wasn’t a flashy astronaut that people knew well, such as Neil Armstrong or Buzz Aldrin, but he defiantly played his part for them.According to NASA, in 1995, a small shuttle was sent to orbit the Earth’s ozone layer to test for climate changes. Hickens was on board the craft, and it was a task he had accomplished a few times at her time with NASA. It was such a simple, routine mission, that Hickens did it solo, and it would regularly only take 6 days to compile the necessary information.During his last attempt, the craft accidentally expelled out the fuel needed for a return to Earth; The module was launched further into orbit, and placed Hickens too deep into space to return. Teams at NASA attempted to retrieve Hickens, but after a week of searching and attempting to reach him, they considered him gone.A funeral was held for him a month after the botched mission, where family, friends, and co-workers could discuss better times with Hickens. His death certificate, filled out by NASA doctors, read ‘lost in space’ as cause of death.According to Hickens, after all this time, nearly 20 years in space, his orbit changed, and he hit close enough to Earth that gravity brought him back in. It was a crash landing, but the parachutes were able to be deployed, and NASA has confirmed that Hickens is alive and doing well, with only a few minor scraped and cuts from a hard-hitting impact in the California desert.Hickens has reported that he survived heavily on recycling his own urine, and stretching his supply pack as far as he could.  At the moment, his weak state limits his conversations, but he has told the media he is just happy to be home.Hickens left at age 44, and celebrated his 65th birthday while in orbit just 2 short weeks ago.CNN URGES VIEWERS NOT TO SEND INCREDIBLE TORNADO FOOTAGE
News network CNN again today urged amateur stormchasers not to video tornadoes but instead seek shelter immediately, a warning they reinforced by repeatedly showing footage from amateur stormchasers not seeking shelter immediately. “Please, if you see a tornado coming, do not pull out your iPhone or your videocamera, do not follow it in your car,” said CNN meteorologist Chad Myers. “We don’t need people getting hurt trying to send us incredible footage like this, from iReporter Devon Hart in Oklahoma.”CNN then cut to video, taken through a car windshield, of a massive funnel cloud crossing a highway, ripping up trees and blowing electrical transformers as it went. Hart and a passenger barely escaped.As further storms bore down on the Midwest, anchor Ali Velshi watched Hart’s footage while speaking to the iReporter via telephone.“Devon, there is more bad weather coming your way today, and I hope you now understand how it’s not worth it to… oh my God, was that a telephone pole flying over your car?”“Yeah, we were pretty much in the funnel at this point,” Hart replied.“Wow,” said Velshi. “That is both incredible and reckless. Let’s rack that again.”CNN’s Wolf Blitzer later directed viewers not to even think about sending in similarly phenomenal footage by logging on to iReport.CNN.com, where they can instantly upload video they should under no circumstances be taking.“We don’t need anyone killed trying to get their video on the air,” said Blitzer. “Although if you did get killed, we would have to show that.”LOVE BUG “WORM”; HACKERS “TWITS”
The International Society of Computer Hackers blasted the media yesterday for continually using the word ‘virus’ when referring to the “Love Bug” email that recently infected computers. The program was more accurately a ‘worm,’ not a virus, said the hacker group, adding that “ignorant journalists” should check their facts. In response, the Society of Professional Journalists thanked the hackers, who it said will now be referred to by the more accurate term “slovenly misanthropic twits.”“Sponsorship Rectangles” Replace Banner Ads
In a surprise concession, the Internet Advertising Bureau today acknowledged the banner ad is dead, but expressed confidence that its latest innovation, “Sponsorship Rectangles,” will spread quickly and reignite online advertising. According to the IAB, the Sponsorship Rectangle is a radically new marketing concept that allows companies to “sponsor” individual Web pages by placing special “company messages” in a 468×60-pixel rectangle atop each page. These messages can be used to promote a product, company, or event, and can even be “animated” to draw attention to the sponsor. “Basically, we told our member ad agencies to throw out the banner ad concept and start from scratch,” explained IAB spokesman Tim Turpin. “I think it’s fair to say that they rose to the challenge just as you would expect.”INTO THE GREAT ABOVE: THE CICADA STORY
There are a billion stories in cicada city. Some of them are long and some of them are short. Well, actually, all of them are short. Relatively. They’re cicadas, not sea turtles. Point is, these are a few of those stories.Treetop, for that is what he has named himself, scrabbles toward the light. After 17 years underground – 17 dark and lonely years living on tree sap and hope – he emerges, cold, frail, but alive. Fresh air thrills his lungs. The sky, so much brighter than he imagined, burns away the cloying decay that for so long defined him. But he does not linger on that past. He does not dwell in the what-was. Instead, on instinct, he climbs. And he climbs. The tree on whose roots he survived becomes his ladder; his path to a new life, a new start, in the Great Above. Up there, he tells himself, is the world he has dreamed of. Up there, just a little further, is a world of sunlight and song, of wings and flight and wonder. But then a bird eats him. Nearby climbs Icarus, smaller than many of his kind, but with a determination not seen since the days of his father, Leafrunner, and his mother, Dart. He never knew his parents, but he senses their presence. Though he cannot explain it, he knows, deep down in his ventriculus, that the spirit of his cicadean ancestors is what drives him, pulls him upward, makes him believe that today, Emergence Day, anything is possible. He pauses to catch his breath on a branch and wonders if they can see him, if they are proud of him. But then a bird eats him. Cyllata feels like she’s in a stream, not of water, but of life itself. Where once she was alone, now there are thousands, just like her, all around her, streaming upward, skittering over the rivulets of bark. Her unseeing, subterranean eyes do not belie the excitement she feels, nor do they behold the nymph she was. She only knows that now is the time to become an adult. Now, as she clings to this branch, to this moment, she knows the time has come to shed her skin; to break out of her shell; to emerge bold and beautiful, a swan of her species. Her body quivers as her shell splits open, as Cyllata, the new Cyllata, the real Cyllata, emerges. And then is eaten by a bird. Grass was never one much for imagining. Seventeen years of soil and solitude didn’t lend themselves to fantasizing, to “What ifs?” Patience was the key. Forbearance was the watchword. So it was no surprise, certainly not to Grass, that he named himself for the very first thing he came across when he clambered, at long last, from his lair. He did not think or wish or daydream as he climbed. He did not romanticize or visualize as he clung, like a mantis to its prey, and waited for instinct to take over, for his carapace to crack, for his body to thrust itself out, bit by bit, into the world above. Instead, it is now, only now, finally now, as his wings spread and his antennae shiver and the dew of 17 summers lifts from his eyes, that Grass allows himself to be surprised. Because a bird has eaten him. “Sun! Wind! Warmth!” Ptera sings as she basks on a leaf, unshelled and alive — oh so very much alive! “Green! Blue! White!” she chirps as the trees and the sky beckon her to join them. “Clouds! Shadows! What the…?” she adds as a bird eats her. Some men, they say, are born to the mines. Others are born to dance. They know, in their beings, what to do, how to do it. Shellsong, of course, knew nothing of men or mines. But he did know about love. He was born to love. He understood love. In his spiracled cicadean soul, he knew what to do, how to do it. He knew that his song, the plaintive cry from his taut, tymbaled loins, would prove irresistible. And he knew that his love, his mate, would return his call with a click.Song-clickSong-clickSong-click. Sweet love. That’s how it worked. And right on cue, as if Venus herself had taken up his melody, Shellsong hears it. The click. Right behind him. Is that my love? he thinks. Is that my darling? Is that my destiny? No, it’s a bird. Damn. In a thousand lifetimes, in a thousand times a thousand lifetimes, you would not find lovers more perfect for each other, more “meant” for each other, than Brightwing and Folitia. She, Folitia, is young and beautiful, an acrobat in the air with white-frosted wings and ruby eyes that shine with something more than desire – they shine with passion; captivating, honest, endless, He, Brightwing, is twice her age, having emerged three days earlier. He is wizened but not cynical, patient but not pedantic, and eaten by a bird moments before she is. Author’s Plea: Every day, millions of cicadas are cruelly, savagely, needlessly eaten. Any why? Because they’re delicious. But it doesn’t have to be this way. You can make a difference. Take the time, right now, to call or write the birds. Tell them to stop eating cicadas. Do it for Treetop and Grass, for Ptera and Cyllata. But most of all, do it because it will really confuse the birds, who don’t know how to read.CMGI + Napster = Wow – Wow
In a $1.1 billion deal, Internet holding company CMGI today announced it would merge with online music site Napster to create a company that no one cares about anymore and is probably illegal anyway. “The combined company may succeed if management can capitalize on extant synergies,” said Merrill Lynch analyst Dayton Hale in a statement that was predictably vague and probably won’t make an impact on anyone.GOOGLE TO BECOME ‘GOOGLE-BFF’ – ‘SO TELL US EVERYTHING’
In an effort to stamp out any objections to the vast amount of personal information it gathers, Google today said it will change its name to Google-BFF, thereby making it “perfectly normal” for the company to know everything about you because you and the search giant are now officially Best Friends Forever.Women searching at Google BFF will see a generic friendly woman chatting on a phone (above), while men will see Zach Galifianakis.Privacy advocates immediately condemned the announcement, calling it a trick designed to fool, “young, lonely, and insecure” people into thinking it’s OK to share information with a “soulless corporate entity.” Google-BFF spokesman Mike Amigo called those charges “inaccurate” and “hurtful.”“First of all, as the Citizens United ruling made clear, we’re not just a company, we’re a person,” said Amigo. “And speaking as a person, calling us ‘soulless’ hurts. It hurts a lot.“We’re just trying to make friends, alright?” Amigo went on, after a pause. “With everybody. Because we’re that kind of person. The kind of person who wants to know everything about you no matter who you are. Because no matter what, we’re your friend. Your best friend. Forever.”As if to underscore that approach, the “Google Search” and “I’m Feeling Lucky” buttons on Google.com’s home page have been replaced by a single box reading, “Search. For Anything. We’ll Still Love You.”Many Google-BFF users welcomed the newly minted relationship.“I used to think that they wanted my information just so they could sell to me, but now that we’re best friends, I feel really bad for even thinking that,” said Waco, Texas dietician Mandy Chinsea, who shares her life with Google-BFF through Gmail, YouTube, Google Maps, and her Android phone. “I’ve never had a best friend before. Probably they know that, and still they want to be my… I’m gonna cry.”For Vanessa Strangalend, a high school junior in suburban Denver, Google BFF is already better than her former “supposed” best friend.“My last BFF was my boyfriend – I know, major mistake — and believe me I shared too much,” Strangalend said. “We were great, really hitting it off, until I told him I hated Hell Boy movies, and was really 16, and had Chlamydia. Poof, he was gone. Not even a phone call. Why are guys so sensitive about Hell Boy?”Privacy advocate Ian Derschwald, however, urged Google-BFF users not to get too involved with the Internet behemoth. “The ability to know where you’ve been, what you’ve searched for, what you watch, and even what you think essentially makes Google a combination of your mother, your lover, and your drinking buddy,” Derschwald warned. “That’s not really a good all-in-one combination, if you think about it.”Despite the warnings, Rutgers University freshman Viv Carlotti said she can’t wait to use Gmail and Google+ to dish on her ex-BFF Jenna Vertuccini, “who totally told Richard Patterson that Carla Whitehead did it with Robbie Givens even though I told Jenna not to tell Richard about it because Carla told me she likes Richard and it was a secret and Jenna did it on purpose because she’s been throwing herself at Richard who actually hates her and that makes her a total bitch and I bet my Google-BFF will agree.”Learning of the allegation via Viv’s Google+posting, however, Google-BFF’s Amigo insisted the company has no interest in judging its users.“We collect information in order to create a better user experience, a better friend experience,” said Amigo. “We do not in any way use the data to form a personal opinion on any of our best friends, including Jenna Vertuccini or Viv Carlotti.”“Are you serious?” Viv replied. “Jenna is a total slut!”“Oh my God I know, isn’t she?” answered Amigo, before catching himself. “I mean, no. No, Viv, I can’t let you talk that way about one of our BFFs.”Post Office Leading the Way In New “Paper Technology”
The U.S. Postal Service’s plan to print customer emails and send them as more expensive first-class mail may be the “tip of the iceberg,” according to analysts who predict that many other digital documents could also be produced at much higher cost, and much more slowly, by utilizing new “paper technology.” The comments come after the Post Office said this week it will test an email-to-paper system allowing customers to send emails to a post office to be printed and delivered as first-class mail. The cost would be 41 cents – eight cents more than current 33-cent postage.“Theoretically, documents that now take up only a fraction of space on a single computer could be converted into literally mountains of paper,” said UBS Warburg analyst Gloria Naderki, who added she was also monitoring the postal service’s experimental messenger-by-horse technology, which she estimated is “at least 100 years away.” On a related note, Monsanto today revealed it is working on technology that will convert MP3s — music delivered digitally, often for free, over the Web — into expensive CDs and, eventually, 8-track tapes.Smartest Man in the World Breaks His Silence on How Dumb He Thinks Everyone Else Is
Princeton, NJ – Professor Stephen Hawking, named by many as the smartest man in the world, delivered a speech last week at a symposium on the Princeton University campus.  Everyone in attendance was mesmerized by Hawking’s insight and knowledge into cosmology.  “I couldn’t believe my ears,” said one student.  “I thought I was pretty fucking smart until I listened to this guy for an hour.  When he speaks about quantum gravity and specifically black holes, it blows your mind.  He has thought about and examined things in his mind that the majority of people don’t even have the capacity to consider.  Amazing.  Truly amazing.” The sentiment about Hawking’s speeches are pretty consistent wherever he goes.  What was not consistent was the press conference he held after this particular speech.  Listen closely as it may apply to you. Today I was accosted by a man on campus.  He was not a student.  He did not appear to be homeless or a vagabond.  Just a guy hanging around for whatever reason.  He began to speak to me.  I live in Tennessee, he said.  SEC country.  He went on to tell me how proud and clever he felt to have a banner up in his living room supporting his beloved Missouri Tigers.  He felt clever because when his friends come to his house and see the Tigers banner, he can say he supports the Auburn Tigers or LSU Tigers…both SEC schools.  None of my friends actually know I support the Missouri Tigers, he went on to say.  He was oddly excited to the point where I felt he may orgasm if I did not leave.  I rolled off to ponder his thoughts a bit further. I’ve encountered many people like this on my time here on Earth.  Until this day, it has always been an unexplainable phenomenon to me.  There are so many variables to consider.  I stand before you today to announce that I have solved this conundrum.  The gene pool has passed its breaking point.  Humans that are not fit to breed are spreading their stupidity genes to their children.  You see, stupid filtered down by weak genes just breeds into bigger brands of stupidity.  This trend must be balanced out in some way or the circle of life will take us back to the dawn of man; Homo erectus.  It will happen sooner than you think if we do not act quickly and with common purpose. Wow is right.  That Princeton student couldn’t have summed it up any better.  That is a lot to think about.  Holy shit. By the way, did he really just call all of us homos?  This dude is obviously really smart but seems like kind of an asshole.  Shout out for LSU to go undefeated this year.  Geaux Tigers!!!CNN Photo Of Bird Stalking Missing Malaysian Airliner Raises Even More Questions
After weeks of misinformation, disinformation, and wild conspiracy theories we have finally have some hard facts about Malaysian flight 370.  CNN was able to acquire a photo that clearly shows some kind of bird stalking the now missing plane.  Although it does raise quite a few more questions, this new development does serve as another clue to get us closer to the truth. “Not so fast,” warns a terrorism expert Bruce Reed as he is interviewed by CNN anchor Brooke Baldwin.  ”Yes, it does appear accurate that we have a bird getting dangerously close to this plane right before it disappeared.  We all know that pictures are facts and cannot be altered.  That said, I have several sources that tell me terrorist organizations that cannot afford drones are now employing birds to do their dirty work.  Is it a Seagull or a Tern or some sort of Velociraptor that we thought was extinct?  Was it under some sort of mind control?  And how did it fly at nearly 45,000 feet without having its wings fall off?  We just don’t know, Brooke.  We just don’t know.” For her part, Baldwin encouraged her guest by interrupting several times with an “ohhh” and “geesh.”  Reed, who once thought about becoming a terrorist, continued. “We have almost 300 people missing, Brooke.  And children.  They are all missing.  Did the bird eat them or is the plane in another dimension that is ruled by these birds?  If we can’t find this monster of a plane with all of our technology I can’t really thing of too many more believable explanations.  But the thing is, Brooke, we just don’t know.  We don’t know and that’s scary as hell!” The now fateful picture, followed by Mr. Reed’s interview, has stirred up the imagination and terror in so many law abiding citizens around the world.  One blogger seemed to sum up the sentiments of so many when ‘zapper gobbler’ wrote on a Yahoo board, “I never really liked birds but never believed that it would come to this.” No, ‘zapper gobbler,’ no one did.  As governments around the globe feverishly work together in concert to come up with facts, each species of bird on every corner of the planet will be pulled out of the sky for further testing.  It is believed there are approximately 10,000 species of birds.  Each species will be captured and studied thoroughly as the world continues to seek answers.  Biologists want to know but now national security agencies want to know if there is one more species of bird out there that we never knew about.  A species that may be capable of plucking a giant airplane right out of the sky.  Right now, we just don’t know.Top Government Geneaologist Warns That There Are Only 3 TRUE Americans Left
The United States is commonly referred to as the land of opportunity and the land of the free.  Others have referred to it as the great melting pot, since there is so much diversity in thought, race, religion, etc… Last month a small group of top US Government Genealogists booked a conference meeting room at the famed Lambeau Field.  They stayed at separate hotels in nearby Appleton so not to call attention to themselves.  They reported the atmosphere to be legendary but the catered chicken stir fry was a little dry. These mysterious government officials revealed some eye opening findings from their meetings…and the months of work they put in prior to the meetings.  Their contention is that there are only 3 true blooded Americans that can be traced back to the discovery of the land that is now known as the United States.  One woman from the study group agreed to speak to us under the condition of full anonymity. “You got it,” she matter-of-factly states.  “There are only three.  We’ve bastardized this country so badly over the years that we only have three left.  If we cannot isolate them and begin an intensive breeding and potential cloning process, we will lose our identity and will have to change the name of our country.  Mexican Americans, Asian Americans, Native Americans, Cuban Americans, African Americans, Italian Americans.  The list goes on and on.  We have been so busy putting names to all of the new people entering our country that we forgot about the American Americans.  Now the American Americans are nearly extinct.  I am not one of them.  I’ve got roots and lineage that trace back to French, Finnish, Scottish, Norwegian, and Polish.  I’m like a fucking mutant!  On behalf of the great country that accepted me as one of their own, I am going to ensure that we do not lose the American American.  Oh, and by the way, opinions expressed by me are not necessarily the opinions or endorsements by my direct employer (US Government).” Sounds like there is much work still to be done to regenerate a full blooded class of American Americans.  Hopefully one of the three is a woman or it could get kind of messy.  One can’t help but wonder if scientists may be able to extract part of one’s origins or lineage.  I can hear it now:  Hey Doc, can you please pull this Polish soul out of me? (enter your own joke here) We’ll keep you updated as we hear anything further.  We asked our anonymous interviewee if we would ever be able to meet one of these American Americans to see if they were worth saving and duplicating.  Maybe they are assholes and we don’t want them around anymore.  She assured Mouthfrog that no one would be meeting an American American face to face anytime soon.Helen Keller Driving School Opens In Tuscumbia, Alabama
John Cadbury has his famous chocolates, William Colgate’s toothpaste is a household name, and now, Helen Keller has a driving school named after her.The first blind and deaf woman to earn a bachelor’s degree in the United States was author, humanitarian and educator Helen Keller. Born in 1880, Keller overcame the effects of “brain fever” at the age of 2, which left her without sight or hearing.  What would have held others back only fueled Keller to overcome these “disabilities” and inspire millions throughout the world.“Tuscumbia is her birthplace, and we’re proud of her,” says Margaret Cullen, co-owner of what was known as Cullen’s Learn-2-Drive up until last month.  “She’s always been my hero,” said Cullen, “and I wanted to pay her tribute.”Cullen’s “tribute” has made headlines at the expense of the 58-year-old driving instructor’s school, and the town of Tuscumbia.“I never meant for this thing to be taken the way it’s been taken,” said Cullen.  “All of these prank calls and such have started, and I don’t appreciate them, not one single bit!  Helen Keller met Eleanor Roosevelt.  There’s nothing funny about that!”Prank calls have only escalated as word of the school’s renaming has spread.“I had a man call up and impersonate a guide dog over the phone.  He asked me if he could come in and help his owner learn how to drive.  He disguised his voice and made a lot of “ruff-ruff woof-woof” words and I heard lots of giggling in the background.  Distasteful and disrespectful, I say.  I hung up but they just called back again, this time pretending to be ‘Toonces,’ that cat that could drive a car on that comedy show I used to watch.  I don’t even know if there is such a thing as that.  Who has the time to train a cat?”Local CW affiliate WHDF-TV assigned reporter Carl Lucerne to cover the story as a local feature.  “I had no idea this little local story was going to blow wide open,” admitted Lucerne.  “When I mentioned to Mrs. Cullen that the story did have an ironic kind of humor about it, she told me that people had become ‘too mean’ these days.  I asked her what her husband thought about the sudden notoriety brought to the town and to the driving school, and she said that the two weren’t speaking at the present time.”“My husband and I are not discussing it right now,” said Cullen.  “He thought the calls and attention we were getting were funny, and said ‘I told you so’ when I first came up with the idea of renaming the school.  He said ‘don’t mess with the name,’ but I saw things differently, and just wouldn’t listen.”“On the serious side, many blind people are asking us if we can teach them how to drive, but we aren’t equipped for that.  I suppose it can be done, but we don’t have that kind of technology to do it,” said Cullen.  “I read in the paper last month that some designer eyeglass company in China named their eyeglasses after Helen Keller. Fancy designer frames that I can’t afford, but I didn’t see that as a joke.  I thought it was a nice tribute.  It was like saying she could see beyond all her limits.  That’s all I wanted to do, but now this thing has turned all wrong.  It’s a shame,” she added.Cullen plans to turn a deaf ear to the ridicule her company is facing.  “This town and our school are not laughingstocks,” she said.  “I’m just going to pretend I don’t see or hear these mean things.  After all, I have a business to run,” she said.Cullen has no plans to rename the school or revert back to the original “Cullen’s Learn-2-Drive,” a town institution since 1971.“The signs and cards have been printed,” she said.  “What’s done is done!”Using Acronyms Gives Brain More Room To Think About Other Stupid Shit
Researchers at the University of Colorado have been doing some intensive studies on the way humans have taken to using thousands of acronyms to replace actual words.  “It really seemed to take off once texting and Facebook became so popular,” says linguist savant and lead researcher Dr. Alan Barker.  “It’s quite fascinating when you really think about it and then start to look at the facts.  There are a litany of categories we could have pulled from, but we limited it to 2 categories for the sake of time and our sanity.  We looked at casual acronyms as well as corporate acronyms.” Ellen Festerling took the lead on casual acronyms.  She tells us more.  “No one would be surprised if I told you that there has been an increase in acronym use.  It will surprise many when we release that casual acronym usage has increased 550% over the last 10 years.  Some examples of what we’re talking about include LOL, ROTFL, OMG, WTF, TTYL, BFF, CUL8R, and the list goes on and on.  Those that did not grow up in this generation need an extra acronym dictionary just to keep up with the explosion.  Keyboard manufacturers are putting out some prototypes already where half of the keyboard will be only acronyms.  It’s a shift in the way we use language like we’ve never seen in our lifetime.  I used to have to think twice when someone told me ‘TGIF.’  Today, that oldie but goodie does not even make the top 1000 acronyms used.  Incredible.” Shooter Minshale, also on Barker’s team, tells us more about corporate acronyms.  “Ellen captured a lot of the same trends we see in the corporate world that we’ve seen in the casual world.  Corporate acronyms have not increased as much over that same ten year period but they have still shot up a staggering 330%.  The corporate world actually uses even more acronyms but just not as often.  We believe it is simply a timing issue, where people are not working as much as they are spending time being casual.  Some of those corporate examples we are talking about include PMP, ROI, FYI, WiFi, BPO, HIPPA, FAQ, and again the list is nearly endless.  Employers report that this is a really good way to confuse potential job candidates and see if they are up to date on their acronym usage.  One such company is toying with the idea of bringing in several candidates at a time and playing acronym Jeopardy with them so they can filter out candidates more quickly.  Nearly every employer today agrees that you cannot make it in the corporate world if you cannot keep up with quickly changing corporate acronym jargon.” So what does all of this mean?  Dr. Barker shares with us the team’s conclusions.  “From what we know about the brain, our findings show that we are using acronyms due to the massive influx of new information.  It’s the brain’s instinct to cut down on things that it does not need.  If we have all of those words and all of those thoughts in our head, we will not move forward as a society.  The brain can only handle so much.  Putting common phrases into acronym form allows us to think more about other stupid stuff, like reality television or how to design your living room.  Or it may allow us to do more drugs and drink more alcohol.  When we kill off brain cells, this approach makes things much easier for us as humans.  There are far too many factors to mention right now.  I encourage those interested in learning more to read our published paper, OMG – What The Hell Are We Doing?, which will be available for purchase very soon.”Depressed Dog Named “Duke” Considering Non-Invasive Botox Treatments
Lafayette, LA – Poor old Duke just lays around in bed these days.  He’ll get up and gnaw on a bone once and awhile, but Duke is depressed.  He’s been depressed for several years now.  He caught a glimpse of himself in the reflection of the car door window one day before his owners rolled it down for him.  He never knew, prior to then, why other dogs would not sniff his ass as much as others seemed to get their asses smelled.  It was on that day Duke realized that his wrinkled up face made him look like a pathetic mess. Through the dog psychologist Duke has been seeing, who also happens to be a dog language interpreter, we were able to get Duke’s immediate thoughts on how he’s feeling. “I used to lick my own ass since no one else would but I don’t even do that anymore,” whimpered a downtrodden Duke. “I just sit around the house and sleep a lot.  I dream about it sometimes.  My shrink and I have been talking and he’s almost got me convinced to try Botox treatments.  I know I could die from Botulism but I’m half dead as it is already.  I’m not ready for any incisions or anything like a face lift just yet.  That freaks me out.  But a few needles?  Hell, I get poked by tons of needles when I go to the doctor already.  A few more to improve the quality of my life is really a no brainer.” We can tell you that Duke has started his Botox treatments.  He’s experienced a few side effects that doctors explain as “normal” until they are able to treat more dogs.  Duke has experienced temporary paralysis of his anus resulting in unplanned soiling of his owner’s carpets.  Injections around Duke’s jaw have severely hampered his ability to chew solid foods.  Duke is slurping a lot of Jello and frozen yogurt.  This has not helped his pooping problem. “All in all, I’m glad I took the step to improve my looks and my life,” says Duke.  “I’m not gonna lie, it’s been tough so far.  I get left outside a lot more now because no one knows, including me, when some form of waste will come leaking out of my ass.  But that will stop eventually.  I’m sure of it.  The doctors have shown me some potential before and after pictures and that keeps my spirits up.  They think that I may even come out looking like a basset hound without those dumb ass floppy ears.  That would be fantastic.” Duke splashed out a vile stream of some sort of liquid from his ass with large pieces of Jello landing softly on his backyard lawn.  Through Duke’s psychologist, we thanked him for his time and quickly exited the premises.  Duke saw us out with a look of hopeful shame on his face.  We wish you well, boy.Man Questions Whether His Electric Pencil Sharpener Is Still State Of The Art Technology
They say when a man has too much time to think it can be a dangerous thing.  That couldn’t be more true for recently retired boat motor salesman, Jerry Stewart. “I’ve got a lot of extra time on my hands these days,” says Stewart.  “I’m used to top of the line stuff.  I was sharpening my pencil today and a few questions came to mind.  Is this the Mercury inboard 90EXLPT motor of the pencil sharpening world?  Isn’t there a phone or a computer these days that would sharpen your pencil for you?  Am I so far behind that we’ve moved beyond using pencils?  I’ve been so engrossed in the motor world that I’ve lost sight of these important things.  I have a lot of research to do.” Jerry tossed and turned that evening and didn’t get much sleep.  He kept hearing the sound of shoving his pencil into that sharpener.  There’s a rush about the noise it makes.  Like a motor.  It scares you a little because if your hand gets too close it will get chopped right off.  But if you are safe, it is a pure and invigorating rumble. Jerry woke up, showered, and headed straight out to the shopping district the next morning.  His plan was to hit Office Max and Staples to find out more about this pencil sharpener quandary he was having.  He arrived at Office Max and sat in the parking lot for about 30 minutes.  He watched some hot young girls pass by and then laughed when he saw a dog take a shit right in the middle of the parking lot.  Most of all, he looked over at his pencil sharpener friend that was propped up in the passenger’s seat beside him.  He realized that his pencil sharpener may not be the newest or the top of the line, but it had been with him for at least 3 years now.  A dear old friend.  Jerry did finally go into the store but he didn’t ask about pencil sharpeners.  He bought about 100 pencils and planned to have quite an afternoon with his old friend, mashing and destroying pencils with power and polish. Jerry isn’t quite sure what tomorrow will bring, but this has been quite an enlightening day.Parents Try To Explain To Their Stupid Kid That He Can’t Be A Surveillance Drone When He Grows Up
Marie Drummond and her husband Michael love their only child.  They don’t plan on having more.  Riley, their 6 year old son, has been a precocious little one since he left mother’s womb. The family conversation they had today is not an unusual occurrence.  Marie and Michael are rapidly getting tired. Riley:  I’ve decided what I want to be when I grow up.  A surveillance drone! Parents:  That’s great, honey.  But a surveillance drone is not a person so you cannot be a drone.  Maybe you could build surveillance drones. Riley:  I don’t want to build one.  I want to be one.  You told me I could be anything I want if I work hard enough to make it happen. Parents:  You can, Riley, you can.  It’s just that a drone is kind of like an airplane.  People can’t turn into airplanes because they are made of metal and engines.  People don’t have those things. Riley:  But what about Transformers?  And Batman and Spiderman?  They put on suits and become something no one thought they could be.  Can’t I do that?  I know I can do something no one thought was possible. Parents:  Sweetie, those are all cartoons and make believe.  There is no real Batman or Spiderman.  You really seem to like dreaming up things, though, so maybe you could be a scientist and help other people that way. Riley:  I don’t want to be a scientist.  I’m going to be a surveillance drone.  Did you think the internet was possible when you were little?  Did you ever think that your wireless phone could tell you when it is time for you to go to the bathroom?  It is possible and I’m going to do it.  You’ll see. Parents:  Ok, honey.  We believe you.  You can do it.  You will do it!  We’ll love you if you’re a surveillance drone or a garbage man.  As long as you’re happy, we support you. Riley stormed off in disgust after his parents gave up and just patronized him, like they usually do.  Riley went up to his room and started burning holes in the carpet with a lighter he found on the street.  All in the name of experimentation and inventing.  Godspeed achieving your dream, Riley.  Stupid kid.Postal Carrier Brags About Having Outlasted Eight Different Pedometers
Veteran mail carrier, Jack Brinkman, is not bashful in sharing tales about his near superhuman abilities he’s put on display during his nearly 20 years as a postman.  Word on the street is that this has not made him the most popular character down at the station.  He has respect for his peers but doesn’t believe that any of them are on par with his work ethic or athletic ability.  And anyone other than a postal carrier, well, they simply do not measure up. “I have to snicker when I hear about these office types who sit in a chair all day and then go walking during their lunch hour,” says Brinkman.  “They think they’re getting their exercise for the day?  What a joke.  I’ve had my peers and family give me pedometers throughout the years because they thought it would ‘be fun to see how far I actually walk on my route.’  I’ve had 8 different models of pedometers throughout my career and they’ve all broken down before I did.  There is not a machine or a human that can keep up with me.  I’ve sent letters to Olympic champions and personal trainers, inviting them to try and keep up with me but no one has taken the bait.  They don’t respond because they know they would lose.  I am a postal carrier and more than likely the greatest athlete on the planet.  Marathon runners don’t run a race in the middle of an ice storm.  I do.  Ask my customers if they have ever gotten a message saying, ‘Jack will not be delivering your mail today because there are 12 tornado warnings in the area.’  Never has happened and never will.  I had a dog bite a chunk out of my calf one day and still completed all of my deliveries.  Mr. office boy would take a sick day to go to the hospital but not me.  I not only have to be in phenomenal physical shape but mentally I have to be prepared to move through any conditions.  People need their Victoria’s Secret catalogs and the care package of brownies from Grandma Emmy.  So feel free to give me more pedometers for gifts if you like but they will only die.  I have that effect on any person or device that tries to keep up with me.” We asked Brinkman about how the Internet seems to be making postal delivery more and more obsolete.  “The Internet is a fad that will fade away just like Fedex, UPS, and all of those pedometers that perished at my side,” continues Brinkman.  “They will all become things of the past.  All that will be left after everything goes away is your trusted letter carrier, Jack Brinkman, walking the streets as the greatest United States postal employee of all time.  There was a time when pet rocks were going to be the invention that changed the world.  How’d that work out for everyone?  Go to Vegas and bet all of your money that Jack Brinkman will be delivering mail tomorrow and the day after that and the day after that.  It’s the surest bet you will ever make and you will become wealthy beyond your wildest dreams.”Roommates To Write Letters To Every Billionaire Asking For “A Pretty Easy $100,000 Job”
Simon and Miles have been roommates for nearly 2 years now.  They both have a nearly non-existent work ethic and only keep jobs because they have to.  The majority of their time is spent smoking weed, talking about stuff, and masturbating over things they will never have.  The two friends believe that they come up with ideas that they need to share with the world. Miles brought up to Simon, the other day, that there should be a pod system that the government should put in place.  “We could get rid of cars entirely,” started Miles.  “They would be suction tubes like when you go to the bank.  We could travel in those tubes.  We could have them installed in the back of our microwaves.  Then we could order food from any restaurant and they would send a hot meal right through the tube into our house.  We have flooding in some places and droughts in other places.  We could position the tubes to suction water from one place to the other so everyone could get what they need.  I mean, I know it would cost a lot of money but wouldn’t it be worth it?” Simon eyes lit up before he responded.  “You’re a genius, Miles.  The government would never do this but what about all the billionaires who have more money than they know what to do with.  We should share our ideas with them.  They could pay us.  Yeah, we come up with the ideas and then they have people who would actually do the stuff.  They could make money off of our ideas.  We would just sit there and think of crazy stuff like we do now but it would help the billionaires and it would help the world.  We don’t need much.  They could pay us like $100,000 a year to do what we already do now.  There’s got to be one of those bastards that is just crazy enough to buy into this idea.” Miles and Simon agreed that this may be their best idea yet.  It would get them out of their shitty jobs, crappy apartment, and a lifestyle they both detest.  They agreed that they would write every billionaire around the world a personalized letter proposing this unprecedented think tank idea.  One would surely bite.  Miles went so far as to pull up a list in a  google search of all the billionaires in the world, but that’s as far as they got.  The two friends started talking about the spork and questioned why no other utensils were combined like this.  Simon came up with the idea of a fife, which would combine the talents of a fork and a knife.  Somehow he was able to justify how this utensil would be able to work in such a way where you could cut your steak with it and then put it in your mouth to eat it too.  Looks like that $100,000 job may not be coming quite as soon as the pair thought.Scope Announces It Will Offer Doritos Flavored Mouthwash
The days of rinsing your mouth out with a burning and poor tasting wash are over.  That’s what the executives at Scope would like for you to believe.  After 5 long years of research, development, and testing with the widely popular chip maker, the time has arrived.  Doritos flavored mouthwash will debut sometime in the 4th quarter of 2014. “We’re expecting this to basically put all other mouthwashes out of business,” says a confident Scope spokesperson.  “Customers have been asking for a mouthwash that fights cavities but also tastes fantastic.  We believe that we have achieved that formula and now all we have to do is produce enough bottles to be ready for release.  This thing is going to be nuts.  It’s going to make Apple product releases look like some local circus act.  Our biggest challenge was to lower the alcohol content just enough to fight cavities but still taste great.  Many of our test subjects tried to ingest the entire bottle at one time.  That’s not healthy and we don’t condone such behavior.  We’re going to start things with just the original Doritos flavor but ranch and spicy buffalo flavors will not be far behind.” “The biggest hurdle we anticipate is getting customers over the long held ideas they have about both products,” adds a Doritos spokesperson.  “There’s going to have to be a major paradigm shift that takes place.  We don’t want people thinking about tooth decay when they think about Doritos.  We want them to realize that Doritos flavors will keep their enamel strong and their gums healthy.  Some will pick it up right away but it will take others some time to break their long held beliefs.  We realize that.  We couldn’t be more pleased to be part of this cavity fighting revolution.  Yes, we will make billions of dollars from this but the real victory will be every time we see someone with a healthy smile and happy taste buds.” One reason for the delay in release is to bulk up on inventory.  The other reason is to get 3 out of every 4 dentists to recommend this new product.  The makers are currently sitting at 1 out of every 4 dentists but strong arm tactics and bribes are expected to take care of that problem and make for a seamless release later this year.Apple’s Defense Budget Larger Than 42 Countries: Plans To Invade Ecuador Imminent
After the recent iPhone 6 release, Apple Incorporated expects to shatter earnings records once again.  It has been reported that Apple has sold in excess of 5 million devices on the first weekend of sales.  Current company CEO, Tim Cook, has been highly criticized for not being former CEO Steve Jobs.  Many continue to wonder why Cook did not use Apple’s unending resources to clone Steve Jobs so that things didn’t have to change.  Cook is starting to assert his own leadership muscle behind the scenes. With third quarter earnings set to be released in the next several weeks, financial insiders believe that the technology giant could be worth as much as 1 trillion dollars within the next two years.  These same insiders also noticed a crafty 3 billion dollar increase into the Research & Development department.  They were quick to question Cook on what this was all about.  Cook responded adamantly about how he would free himself from Jobs’ shadow. “I’m going to be honest with you,” started Cook.  “We have patents that are being threatened by other emerging companies such as Samsung.  Our next logical step, with all of this money rolling in, is to use it to gain as much power as we can.  Steve Jobs wanted to build a great product and make a lot of money.  I want to do the same but springboard that equation into world domination.  We need hit men and a navy and weapons greater than any government can compete with.  We have the minds and the resources to make this happen.  Samsung is a little sand flea in the larger scheme of what we have planned.  Apple will invade Ecuador within the next 12 months.  We will then take Columbia and Venezuela.  If you’ve ever played Stratego, you know that this will put us in prime position to guard our borders to Central America and begin full take over of the continent of South America.  We don’t have any problem giving them advanced notice.  It won’t matter.  They will not be able to stop us.  We’ll give them all really crappy second generation iPods to gain their trust and their allegiance.  The Apple freedom fighters will grow and grow.  If you thought Mussolini, Hitler, or even al-Qaeda was bad you ain’t seen nothing yet.  Every person on Earth is going to be shitting the Apple logo and thanking us for it.” Financial insiders are not used to these sorts of rants on open conference calls.  They had a difficult time figuring out Cook’s angle here.  Was he actually serious or was this some strategic move to set consumers up for the next set of Apple products?  Investor firms were left speechless and dumbfounded by Cook’s comments.  “We’ll keep buying the shit until it starts to get a little weirder,” said one of the audience members about Cook’s crazed speech.  “We’ll wait it out and just see what happens.” Tim Cook went on to say his first order of business would be to assassinate Jim Koch, co-founder of the Boston Beer Company that produces Samuel Adams beer, citing immense frustration from people getting the two of them confused.  Cook also relayed that each overthrown country will take on the Apple name with a specific identifier to keep the empire separate, yet still as one.  Proposed names for Ecuador that have been discussed are Apple Fritter, Carmel Apple, and Apple Core.Lumber Industry Scrambles As Church Leaders Agree To Use Plastic Chairs Instead Of Traditional Pews
One of the largest churches in the United States has taken a stand.  Not on abortion or same sex marriage.  They’ve decided to take a stand on wood.  And no, not that kind of  religious wood.  Real wood.  Of the lumber variety.  Pastor William Sheals of Hopewell Ministry Baptist met with environmental leaders this week to seal the deal.  The church that houses nearly 16,000 visitors each week will be replacing all wooden pews with biodegradable plastic chairs. “It was a tough decision to buck tradition like this,” comments Pastor Sheals.  “At the same time, we have a responsibility to this great Earth that God created for us.  Our new plastic chair supplier tells me that after we are done with the chairs, they are put into flower gardens and melted down into the soil.  Apparently whatever these chairs are made of enrich the soil of Mother Earth and will aid in cultivating God’s beauty all around us.  Technology is just an amazing thing these days.  As an added bonus, our elderly parishioners with back problems will have an easier time sitting down for long periods of time to listen to me bring them the sonnets of God’s word.” “It took some convincing,” admits the new environmental chair salesperson named Grace.  “Pastor Sheals is very smart and a shrewd businessman.  We are both God fearing individuals so it was just about cutting a deal that would be good for both of us.  The good people at his church are so trusting that we didn’t have to talk too much about how these new plastic chairs are good for the environment.  They just believed us.  Trusted us.  Like real christians.  God bless free enterprise and God bless America.” Dixie Plywood and Lumber Company, for one, is extremely concerned.  “Half of our goddamn business is building for that church,” says yard foreman Travis Buckner.  “I don’t know much about that churchy stuff but I do know that there was one guy who betrayed everyone.  Luke or Corinthian or some guy named Pilot or something.  Well, that’s how we feel right now.  We’re going to drown because of this and I don’t see no God throwing us a lifeboat.  And I ain’t no Einstein but I know that plastic chairs are not better for the environment than good old fashioned lumber.  I don’t care if you make’em out of turds.  You still gotta put chemicals in there to make it plastic.  Them church people are being swindled.” Buckner and his associates at the lumber yard have reached out to several beverage bottling companies to see if they would consider using wooden bottles instead of plastic.  No takers yet but Buckner is confident that a new wooden bottle trend is close to taking off and he plans to be on the front lines as profits soar.  For his part, Pastor Sheals has indicated that he would definitely buy wooden bottled drinks for his congregation if Buckner is able to secure some deals.Evolution Finally Proven After New Breed Of Gum Chewing Birds Discovered
“Trust me, it was not my mission in life to become known as the bird hating scientist,” charges aviary scientist Dr. Cecelia Yang.  “It wasn’t like when I was 6 years old that I told my parents my dream was to grow up and kill birds.  It just sort of happened that way.” Maybe the most controversial scientist of her time will now go down in history as the most renowned scientist of a generation.  She will be recognized as person who proved the theory of evolution.  Up to this point in her career, Dr. Yang has been best known for chewing a lot of gum and throwing it out on the street.  She monitors her piles of chewed up gum and waits for birds to swoop in and try to eat it.  The sticky and chewy gum gets stuck in the bird’s beak and throat and they ultimately die from exhaustion or asphyxiation.  The behaviors birds display during these sickening experiments have been Dr. Yang’s claim to fame.  Peers know her as the ‘Serial Killer Scientist.’  Her studies took a sharp left turn on a recent trip to northern Idaho. “I couldn’t believe my eyes when I first saw it,” remarks Dr. Yang.  “A bird that appeared to be a cross between a sparrow and a raccoon looked like it was chewing a piece of gum I had discarded.  And not just chewing it.  Enjoying it.  I sat and watched a few of the mates in his flock doing the same thing.  They weren’t choking or in any discomfort at all.  After one of the birds blew a bubble and kept chomping on that gum, I knew I was onto something.  I will name the incredible new breed of evolved birds Gummuncoccus.  There is still much time and work to be done to find out more about these birds and give them a common name.  I’m gonna need to take a few weeks in Bora Bora to figure out whether or not I want to dedicate the rest of my life to these birds.  I mean, proving evolution is really awesome but the truth is that birds have made me an angry scientist for most of my adult life.  I may want to just do some occasional speaking engagements, get overpaid to do them, and hang out by the beach and do a whole lot of nothing.  I’m a legendary scientist now.  Much like I’ve just won a massive lottery jackpot, I’ve got to step back and really assess my next moves.” Dr. Yang was last spotted on the beaches of Bora Bora drinking wheat grass tequila shots and drunkenly shouting to vacationers that she was the ‘Birdbomb.’  Yang was asked to leave by the resort staff and has not been seen or heard from since.2-Week-Old Baby Stuns Medical Community; Speaks In Full Sentences, Has Perfect English Skills
Two weeks ago, Carly Willis, 34, gave birth to a healthy baby boy she named Matthew. Born happy and healthy, the story takes an amazing turn, after it is being reported that the 2-week-old is already speaking, and in full sentences and perfect English.Willis says she was in the living room of her home the day that she brought Matthew back from the hospital, and heard someone speaking in Matthew’s room down the hall.“I was watching television in the living room after I put Matthew to bed. I started to drift off a bit myself, and at first I thought the noises were just the TV show I was watching. I awoke to someone screaming ‘Help me! Hey, I need some help in here!’ It scared me because it was coming from my son’s room,” said Willis. “I thought someone was in there with him.”Willis says that when she went into his room, Matthew had a full diaper, and was asking her to help by changing him.“I put a new diaper on him, and then he breathed out, like a huge sigh of relief, then said ‘Thanks, Mommy!’ I almost fainted, but I thought it’d be best to take him back to the hospital to make sure he was okay.”Doctors at Huntsville Children’s Hospital were in shock to see Matthew speaking, and all say it is the most amazing thing that they’ve ever seen.“I’ve been a doctor for over 15 years, and this is the most insane thing that I’ve ever seen,” said Dr. Ann Pooler. “Little Matthew speaks perfectly, in full sentences, with just a slight Southern drawl. It’s really kind of cute. He’s a little miracle.”Representatives for the hospital say that they are working with specialists from around the world to better understand Matthew’s ability, and hope to find out how he is able to communicate so well at such a young age.Presumed Boy Genius Splits The Atom But Didn’t Even Know Someone Did That Already
The nowhere town of Hutchinson, Kansas is widely regarded as one of the most boring towns in America.  Year after year they make the list of places ‘I’d rather die than visit.’  As you might imagine, nothing even remotely exciting happens in Hutchinson.  Last year the town was buzzing about a stray dog that, for a moment, appeared that he would stay in the town.  He didn’t stay. What happened during the summer school sessions at Hutchinson Middle School 7 – USD 308, all things considered, is comparable to someone actually discovering the fountain of youth. Science teacher, Mrs. Davis, asked her class to present their thoughts on animal adaptations in the most creative way they could think of.  One dumb kid did a presentation on how camels hold water in their humps.  Another tried to prove that giraffes are tall so they can eat stuff other animals can’t reach.  Mrs. Davis reminded the children that evolution is a myth and it is God who makes things happen.  All of the very well-behaved children clapped. Alan Blades, the “weird kid” that everyone is scared of, came up with his microscope and some strange contraption.  He proceeded to pull a piece of uranium from his back pocket and show the class how to split an atom.  An amazed Mrs. Davis ran through the school yelling, “There is a genius among us!  Right here.  Right here in Hutchinson there is a genius we can call our own!”  The rest of the children awkwardly hugged Alan and told him he was a hero.  The mayor, not seen in the town in months, held a pot luck for Alan and his family to celebrate. The mayor, Alan, and a group of residents piled into the town bus to take a rare journey to Wichita to show off their young prodigy.  After Alan performed his same experiment, Wichita city leaders brought up the fact that although this was impressive it had been accomplished nearly 80 years ago.  The celebration quickly turned into an inquisition.  Was Alan capable of or planning to use his skills to build an atom bomb?  Were the residents of Hutchinson behind him in his terrorist pursuits?  How exactly does a young boy in a small town get his hands on uranium?  How could a boy this smart not know that this feat had already been accomplished?  Something was not right. Fearing the worst, residents quickly re-branded Alan as the “weird kid” who kept to himself and everyone was fearful of.  “You can have him,” said his teacher Mrs. Davis.  “As you can see, we’ve tried everything we know how to do to see the best in him but it has become clear to us that he is a threat to our town and to society in general.  Do what you will with the little monster.” The citizens of Hutchinson, including Alan’s parents, boarded their bus and headed back to their simpler lives.  Each person thanked God for their simple lives and thanked Him for purging the town of young Alan before he hurt someone.  Alan was questioned by the FBI and is believed to currently be in an experimental government program that does something so secretive that all anyone can do is just trust the process.NRA Petitions Congress For A ‘Do-Over’ On The 2nd Amendment
NRA Executive Vice President, Wayne LaPierre, is leading a growing movement to send America back to 1791.  Under intense scrutiny after recent mass shootings, LaPierre has heard enough.  The exasperated leader has started a petition to send America back to 1791 so we can re-sign the 2nd amendment and ‘do it the right way this time.’ “My proposal involves changing 2015 back to 1791,” asserts LaPierre.  “We’ll have a full year to prepare and a lot will need to be done.  We’ll need to get rid of all of this technology.  And I’m afraid people like Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg will need to be killed.  They just know too much.  The NRA will ensure that the streets are rid of all assault weapons and reintroduce muskets and bayonets.  We’ll have to get rid of banks so we can start that over as well.  One way streets were introduced around that time too and we’d like to revisit whether or not this was really a good idea.  We’ll have to destroy some cities and such but this can be done.  It will take everyone’s full commitment.  We can do slavery, a civil war, and hippie love all over again.  It will be great.  It is also our contention that we really look at the states adopted after the 13 colonies.  Come on, there is no way Vermont should have ever been accepted as a state.” LaPierre and radical gun enthusiasts believe that this proposal is a very fair compromise to tougher gun control laws in present day.  “We need a do-over,” continues LaPierre.  “We’re not going to point blame at anyone specifically but it has become very clear that some people cannot live by the laws we have set forth in this country.  Things were better when women were oppressed and colored people had no say in their own lives.  I mean, you can’t even shoot anyone today in a dark corner of the woods without it being on the Internet.  Ridiculous.” Senate Majority Leader, Harry Reid, is said to be ‘very intrigued’ by LaPierre’s proposal.  He was heard, off the record, saying “Does this mean that all of photographs will be black and white again?  And women will have to wear those huge hula hoop things underneath their skirts?  Hmm, very interesting.  What about Indians?  Do we get to kill a whole bunch of them again?” We will keep you updated as new details surface about the potential of this movement gaining more significant traction.Christmas Changing Name To Bigfootmas?  Scientists Explain Why
National Geographic writer and photographer, Bradley Sumptner, brought along a team of experts with him to examine a find unlike any other.  On the edge of the Mojave Desert, Sumptner and a few colleagues found a set of footprints in the sand that were equivalent to the size of at least 6 men.  How in the world is anyone going to be able to explain this? “That’s what I was thinking,” explains Sumptner.  “Initially, I just figured we would add this to the greatest unsolved mysteries in the history of the world.  We brought in 81 experts from their field of studies.  Everything from paleontologists to sand castle makers.  After we gathered all of the data, there was only one explanation that made any sense.  The only sensible conclusion that we could make is that these footprints are those of Jesus and Bigfoot.  That’s right, we are suggesting that they are the same entity.  We have enough circumstantial evidence from Bigfoot and enough from the Bible and our Christian experts to say that it is a 90% certainty that Bigfoot and Jesus are the same person.  We further believe that when Jesus comes to visit Earth, He and Bigfoot fuse together and take a form similar to a centaur.  Jesus (with the huge feet) is the bottom half and Bigfoot is the top half.  The width, impression, and depth of these prints would fall directly in line with what we know and the few things we have to guess about.  It’s the most fascinating thing that I’ve ever captured.  After validating all of this information, government officials plan to set traps so that we can potentially, and safely, capture the new Bigfoot Jesus Christ character.” Will the name of Christmas have to be changed to Bigfootmas?  Will we see a new sect of religious fanatics or will people be scared by this revelation and move away from Christianity altogether?  There are so many unanswered questions to be addressed given these groundbreaking findings.  One thing is for sure.  This new Bigfoot Jesus is far larger and more powerful than any God fearing person could have ever imagined.  There is a famous quote by Sri Sathya Sai Baba which states, “You can find the footprints of God wherever there is beauty, virtue, humility, justice, truth, love and peace.”  If we may be so bold, we’re going to add on to that quote based on the new information uncovered.  “You will also find the footprints of Bigfoot Jesus right there in the sands of the Mojave Desert.”  We’ll add to it again once we are able to capture the beast and ask more about what this all really means in the complexities of our lives. The ‘virtue,’ ‘truth,’ and ‘peace’ stuff is purely all just speculation at this point.Play-Doh Penis Could Shape A New Generation
A Hasbro spokesperson spoke at length today about he controversial ‘extruder tool’ that was included in popular selling ‘Cake Mountain’ product.  The intent of the Play-Doh tool, according to the company, was to help make really cool frosting decorations on top of a Play-Doh cake.  Angered parents aren’t buying it. “This is the most irresponsible act I have witnessed in my lifetime,” says 41 year old livid mother Jackie Rosales.  “We pulled out the extruder tool together and my 7 year old daughter asked me if ‘the penis was supposed to be a surprise inside the cake.’  Was there not one person at this massive corporation that said, ‘Hey, doesn’t that thing kind of look a little too much like a penis?’  Jesus!  First of all, I was not ready to have a penis conversation with my young daughter.  She already apparently knows more than I realized.  My bigger concern is for this generation of kids that Hasbro has unknowingly touched in a profound and confounding way.  In my generation they all told us that as long as you use your penis in a swimming pool that you couldn’t get a girl pregnant.  To this day no one knows for sure if that is accurate or not.  Now this generation has to face the Play-Doh penis.  I’ve already heard kids in the neighborhood talking about how you can mold a Play-Doh penis to experiment on girls and not get them pregnant.  Good God!  We don’t know yet if that’s true or not.  Could we have Play-Doh babies running around in this world?  Oh, I can just see it now.  Underground Play-Doh sex parties, experimental fellatio in a dark closet on a blue Play-Doh penis, black market Play-Doh tools that make vaginas and other things I cannot even mention without having a nervous breakdown.  I don’t know where to go from here.  But I do know that Hasbro Corporation should face stiff penalties for their reckless behavior.” Hasbro has genuinely been contrite and offered to replace the extruder tool at no cost to any consumer.  It is not a mandatory exchange and the Play-Doh giant stands behind their product, saying they encourage everyone that bought an extruder tool with the Cake Mountain kit to ‘just have some fun with it.’ With all the immediate fervor over the Play-Doh penis, do date only around 3% of the extruder tools have been returned to the manufacturer.    AT&T Execs Approve New Ad Campaign: Shhh, It Uses Reverse Psychology
Some observers have been seeing peculiar signs and bumper stickers littered throughout large and small towns in America lately.  This particular picture that was captured has 3 large bumper stickers on the truck that say “AT&T Service Sucks.”  This beat up truck was parked outside of a local Dallas Gentleman’s Club and quickly had a crowd gather around it.  Some folks agreed with the sign and were passionate about how they hate AT&T.  A few others took the other point of view and shouted about how AT&T is the best company in the world.  As we took in this strange scene developing out in the middle of the street, our cameraman swore he saw AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson walk past the crowd with his head down and wearing a large grey trench coat.  Sure enough.  We were able to finally catch up with Mr. Stephenson after chasing him for about 8 blocks.  He was yelling stuff at us like, “Burn in hell, Satan” and “You can never prove anything!  Don’t you know who I am?”  He did throw quite a few $1 bills up in the air as he ran to distract us.  It worked.  But we eventually caught up to him, $17 richer than we were before the chase. “We just wanted to talk to you about your business,” we assured him.  He tried to run again so we tackled him and he was ok when we told him AT&T business and nothing else.  “Shit, you guys scared me,” panted Stephenson.  “I thought you saw something you shouldn’t have.  You didn’t see anything did you?”  We told him we did not even though we did see stuff.  Raunchy and perverted stuff.  We told him we just wanted to know what the bumper stickers were all about. “Oh, that’s easy,” said the AT&T President as he calmed down.  “Did you see all those people talking?  That’s called marketing, dumbass.  We’ve paid some random people to put things in their businesses, on their cars, and elsewhere to get people talking about AT&T.  It’s working and it was my fucking idea.  That’s why I’m the CEO and you’re not.  It uses a concept that is, I’m sure, completely foreign to you called reverse psychology.  People talk shit about us but they are talking about us.  Before they know it, we enter their minds for good and we never leave.  We’re like a massive wireless tapeworm in your brain.  We eat your brain up and then it’s just all tapeworm in there.  It’s much more complicated than that but I’m dumbing it down for you with the slim chance you may understand it in those terms.  Listen, I’ve gotta run.  Don’t ever fucking chase me like that again or I will ruin you.” We checked in with AT&T’s marketing gurus and they claim to know nothing about this campaign.  They remarked that this must have been one of those “executive decisions.”  It’s too early to tell whether or not this campaign is having a positive impact on gaining new customers or satisfying current customers.  The one thing we know for sure is that it has gotten people talking about AT&T.  And by talking, we don’t just mean on the internet.  Oh, and we’re pretty sure we hate AT&T too.Non-Geek Hired Into Geek Squad, Causing Dissension Amongst The Team
Benji Mader makes all of the Geek Squad hiring decisions at the local Best Buy store.  He’s come under fire for hiring the first non-geek into the squad since the store opened 8 years ago.  The Geek Squad has gained a reputation for being able to fix anything electronic.  Bring them a television, phone, or computer.  They are so good at fixing it that they don’t even tell you what they did.  You wouldn’t understand. “Yeah, that’s our calling card,” comments senior Geek Arthur Reynolds.  “People count on us being smarter than they are.  There’s a lot at stake with who we choose to do this delicate job.  Benji is usually really on top of things.  I don’t know what he was thinking on this one.  The guy he hired is named ‘Stevie.’  I asked him on his first day if he’d ever been to Comic-Con and he said he didn’t really like music that much.  What the hell?  That was a huge red flag.  He has a Dell computer for Christ sake.  I asked him if he at least upgraded the processor and he told me he pretty much just uses his computer for the Internet and email.  I’m confident he’ll be fired within 6 months but think of the damage he can do during that time.” Junior Geek, Bradley Parmer, is also not sure what to think but is looking at the positive side of things.  “I was telling Stevie how ridiculously good I was getting at Call of Duty Black Ops 2 when he told me that he had a real gun.  He told me about having friends and going outside to shoot actual stuff.  He goes hunting with people who apparently just hang out and shoot stuff.  That’s kind of scary and I’m sure I’ll never do anything like that but it’s kind of cool to have that different perspective.  I like Stevie and I’m going to try and help him become a part of our team.” Benji was fired as the hiring manager and is now giving tours at a local brewery.  Stevie was fired soon after that, though he did learn how to download a ringtone to his phone by himself.  Arthur was promoted to Master Geek and now does all of the hiring. There is a quiz to pass which he believes will avert any further disasters like the ‘Stevie non-geek experiment.’Horses Finally Admit They Fucking Hate Having People Ride On Their Backs
Horses have been helping and carrying around people for as long as anyone can remember.  They are a trusted ally who are always there to help haul a load, give a human a ride, or even run in a race so that wealthy assholes can dress up in ridiculous hats and bet mounds of their money for amusement. Horses love people. These are things we’ve always assumed.  Through the power of modern science and a very special animal psychic medium, we can actually find out what horses really think about all of these things today.  Dr. Shay Melbbat, who specifically specializes in dead horse communications, recently was able to channel the 1970 Kentucky Derby winner to ask a few questions.  Dust Commander was always known as a gentle horse but heed a warning that this dead horse is not happy.  He uses explicit language so do not read further if you are under 18 years old or easily offended. “Where in fuck did these human assholes get the idea that our mission in life should be to work for them?” asks Dust Commander.  “I’m already fucking dead and I made it to the promised land so I’m going to speak freely.  The only reason we try to win those goddamn races for humans is because we know if we achieve victory then those assholes will ‘put us out to pasture’ and let us have a lot of sex.  If humans used their little pea-sized brains, I think they might actually figure out that no animal wants to take another animal for a ride and get slapped in their ass by a big stick if we’re not going fast enough.  And what about my friends who are not blessed with the speed to race?  They hook them up to carriages so we can give humans a ‘tour of the city.’  They make us haul around big fat-assed lazy people who choose not to lift their fucking legs up and walk themselves.  We hate that bullshit.  And then they tie a fucking bag to our ass that we have to shit in so we don’t mess up their already fucked up streets?  You go shit in a bag.  And carry it around with you.  See how you like it, you asshole pricks.  I could go on and on Dr. Melbbat.  Really, I could.  On behalf of all horses, we appreciate you carrying forth this message for us.  Oh, just one last thing.  A sincere thanks to all you bastard humans who occasionally will grace us with an apple or a carrot.  Then right back to the nasty dried up grass that you feed us.  We don’t like that garbage.  Ever thought about throwing down a bucket of steak and potatoes for us?  Fuck no you haven’t because you’re pompous assholes.  Don’t mistake our kindness for anything more than a compliant prisoner.  We wish we had some special talent to kill all of you.  But we don’t.  Why don’t you try taming some lions and riding them for awhile you fucktards?  We’d love to see how that works out for you.” Dr. Melbbat slipped into a coma almost immediately after this message from the other side was transmitted to him.  Doctors believe the passion and gravity of Dust Commander’s rant was just too much for Melbbat to handle.  He has been viewed sounding a whinny or a neigh during quickly passing convulsions but doctor’s believe Melbbat will not ever return to life as he once knew it.  Doctor’s also believe it is the first documented case of a dead horse killing a living human.  It’s likely not the last.US Drones Report That Kim Jong Un Has Turned Himself Into A Monkey
If US drone reporting technology is correct, which it always has been, North Korea is playing with some larger toys in their nuclear sandbox than anyone could have imagined.  Their technological abilities appear to be far beyond what has ever been seen before.  TMZ has reported that they were able to intercept a classified Morse code message from a US drone sent from North Korea directly back to the White House.  The decoded transcript is below: Mr. President –  As requested, we continue to track Kim Jong Un’s whereabouts.  We’ve held continuous contact with him for several weeks.  This evening he disappeared from our radar.  We checked the batteries in our radar systems and everything checked out.  Using our newly developed reverse cloaking osmosis process, we were able to locate our subject.  We’re not really sure how to say this but Jim Jong Un has somehow turned himself into a monkey.  We triple checked the coordinates and then verified it when we captured this photo of a monkey reading a newspaper.  This is not a drill and this is not a joke.  We repeat, this is not a drill and this is not a joke. Kim Jong Un was a human one minute and a monkey the next.  For its own safety, we’re getting the drone the hell out of that area immediately.  Drone out. The White House has yet to make any comment on this fluid situation.  They have also not confirmed whether TMZ’s translation is accurate.  If this information is correct, which we will assume that it is, the relatively small nation of North Korea is a powerhouse to be reckoned with.  If they are able to turn people into monkeys, what else might they be capable of?  It’s frightening to even think about it. This recently uncovered information would explain why Kim Jong Un ordered for the release of all zoo monkeys.  It may also be a clue as to why there are so many bananas scattered all over the city streets.  It is clear that the crafty North Korean leader is setting up an environment where he can be fully camouflaged when he turns into a monkey. No one still, however, has been able to put any logic behind Dennis Rodman’s visit and hangout party with Kim Jong Un.  That remains a mystery.Iran Completes Military Exercise by Carving Giant Sudoku Puzzle Into Sand Around Afghanistan Border
Iran has been flexing its military muscles recently after sanctions were levied against them.  They strongly cautioned US naval ships to stay away and just completed additional military exercises on the border of Afghanistan.  Iranian leaders confirmed that they did order their troops to draw a large Sudoku puzzle in the sand for the Afghan’s to “chew on.” Hamid Karzai, President of Afghanistan, had this news relayed to him while he was reading to children in Kabul.  Karzai quickly left the school, after saluting the children.  Afghan intelligence was quickly called upon to see what this thing was all about.  “I’m still reading the fucking rule book,” commented an angry and frustrated top level official.  “My team is telling me that people do this shit for fun?  That is very bad.  Very bad.  We need to figure out this puzzle to make sure Iran is not sending some sort of hidden message but I can assure you that these puzzles will not ever make it to our citizens.” Afghan border guards seemed to pick it up pretty quickly.  Two men were heard arguing about whether a #2 would fit in the 3rd column and the 4th row.  Unfortunately, the argument escalated and one man was shot and killed.  It won’t help the popularity of the game in Afghanistan.  That’s for sure. “It’s an unprecedented move by a confident Iran,” says John Brennan, director of the CIA in the United States.  “We’ve got our eyes on them.  We’re prepared to send in delta force units to go in and solve the puzzle for Afghan leaders if this tensions between the two countries continue to heighten.  If there’s going to be another war out there, we want to make sure that we’re part of it.”Sapporo Offering Diet Water That Will ‘Wage War On Your Fat’
Chiba Brewery – Sapporo brand, best known for their excellent beer products, is diversifying their portfolio.  They are now offering bottled water of a different variety.  Diet water.  It is said to contain specialized peptide bonds that enter your bloodstream and seek out fat cells.  As the diet water stirs into your body, it wages war on those fat cells.  The new technology is unproven, yet is believed it will be extremely popular amongst hefty individuals who can’t seem to get rid of that leftover pesky blubber. “Our beer is the best and makes us much money,” says Sapporo Chairman Takao Murakami.  “Our company’s mission has always been to help our customers feel good.  And my personal goal is to make as much money this year as George Clooney.  With our new diet water I am confident we can accomplish both.  I am younger and better looking than Clooney.  I just need his bankroll now.  Anyway, my nephew pitched the diet water idea to me.  I cursed him badly, Samurai style, and then locked him in a closet for a few days.  I cooled down and thought about it some more.  Who would have ever thought that someone could put regular water in a bottle and people would buy it?  Consumers are addicted to this bottled water now.  And the diet industry is always booming.  Could the two actually be combined?  I spoke with a few of our local nuclear scientists and they assured me we could make it happen.  After several days, I let my young nephew out of the closet and recited some old Japanese proverb that he seemed to buy.  And here we are today.  It’s one of those legendary stories you just couldn’t make up even if you tried.” The diet water has had a successful launch, generating revenue above initial projections.  Of each 100 people who have consumed the water for more than a week, an average of 2 individuals report actual weight loss.  Those that are losing weight have also been reported to have elevated levels of radiation in their blood.  These findings, however, are inconclusive due to the small sample size. Sapporo is also said to be in negotiations with McDonald’s to share their secret technology with the fast food giant.  If an agreement can be reached, a diet Big Mac would be the first product that McDonald’s would test in smaller markets.Google Celebrates Facebook With Stock Price Doodle
In an unprecedented move Google (GOOG) honored a fellow Silicon Valley competitor with their own Google Doodle today, placing a real-time update of Facebook's (FB) stock price on Google's hompages around the world. Google normaly reserves the prestigious Doodle for celebrations of national holidays or for honoring significant historical figures. However, the doodle team at Mountian View, California based Google thought today would be a good day to break with tradition and congratulate its Palo Alto rival on its successful IPO listing on the Nasdaq stock exchange last week. "Facebook's IPO is a signal that the entrepreneurial spirit of Silicon Valley is alive and well. We simply just wanted recognize that, " said a spokesperson for the team. The two tech titans are engaged in a fierce battle for control of the Internet with Google moving agressively into the social networking space with its Google+ service, and Facebook positioning itself as an alternative online advertising destination. According to Google Finance, Facebook's stock price has fallen 25% since its IPO just last week, and is down 9% today alone. The firm's rapid share price decline has been a black eye for the company and the investment banks involved in its floataion. Several lawsuits have already been filed, and a congressional investigation is under way. As the markets closed in New York, Google briefly replaced the stock chart with a message reading "Dear Facebook, Investors have requested a Business Model." followed by two options familar to those fileding Facebook friend requests; "Accept" and "Not Now". Mark Zuckerburg had no comment on the record regarding Google's actions. Google's CEO Larry Page, however, called The Daily Currant personally to add a quote for this story: "Being CEO ain't always easy, is it bitch?" JELL-O Deficiency Linked To Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
Workers at Kraft Foods, Inc. couldn’t be happier in these less than certain economic times.  For them, the future looks bright and shiny.Jack Pepper, production manager for Kraft Foods’ JELL-O Division said, “We just read a report from the National Council on Osteopathy, and they say gelatin helps relieve carpal tunnel syndrome!  We couldn’t be happier!”Carpal tunnel syndrome results when unnatural, repetitive pressure is placed on the median nerve located in the wrist.  Symptoms include numbness, tingling, shooting pains into the hand, and compromised hand movement.“Gelatin is a natural fleor,” said Dr. Ambrose Seelig, of Baltimore’s Johns Hopkins Medical Center.  Dr. Seelig coordinated a groundbreaking gelatin study after his dog, Joy, accidentally ate an entire JELL-O mold that he and his veterinarian wife had made for a pot-luck dinner.“Joy’s not supposed to have table scraps, but she’s a tricky one.  She’s 14, and starting to show signs of slowing down – the usual things that happen with a dog of a certain age,” said the doctor.  “She was having a lot of trouble with her joints; they were stiffening, and her paw actually had what in humans would be diagnosed as carpal tunnel.  She scratched at the door so much with repetitive paw movements, so her mobility became compromised.”“Then, I had an ‘Oprah Moment,’” said Seelig.  “Well, that’s what my wife called it.”Two days after Joy ate the JELL-O mold, her mobility increased and even her coat looked shinier.  “I thought I was imagining things,” said the doctor, “but my wife confirmed it!”Joy’s paw was becoming more mobile.“We kept feeding her JELL-O,” said Dr. Seelig.  “She loves it!  She thinks she’s getting a treat, but she’s actually involved in good, sound medical research!”Dr. Seelig wondered if the JELL-O treatment could produce the same result for two-legged sufferers.Human trials were arranged at a testing facility in Maryland.  An ad was placed on craigslist asking for volunteers who suffered from the syndrome.“We had personalized bowls of JELL-O lined up, ready and waiting for the volunteers,” said Seelig.  Some of them were disappointed that they weren’t receiving experimental drugs.  A few severe cases couldn’t even shake hands or hold a spoon when they walked in, but after a month, their symptoms had disappeared, or were greatly reduced.”“Our division is working ’round the clock,” said Jack Pepper, as he supervised production from the busy JELL-O floor.  “We’ve even had to hire a new midnight shift!  It’s great!  I look out here and all I see for miles and miles are happy employees pulling levers up and down, back and forth, again and again and again; boxing gelatin, hand-mixing flavors, sealing bags, over and over and over again — 24/7!  Everyone’s thrilled!”Vegan activists are hoping for an equivalent therapy, as most gelatin products are derived from the skin, bones, hooves, and connective tissue of animals, and therefore not fit for human consumption.“Joy’s doing great!” says Dr. Seelig.  “Except for her green tongue. She likes the melon flavor now, though,” he said.Amputee Plans To Crush A Whole Crapload Of Stuff With His New Bionic Hand
It all started out as a pretty normal story.  Small town kid who lost his hand in a farming accident gets a new bionic hand and everyone lives happily ever after.  That sort of stuff happens all the time.  But what 14 year old Jacob Littlefield discovered is far from what can be described as common. Jacob visited with some friends on Friday night where they all get together and play Jenga.  What ensued next was the dream that every young boy imagines. “It all started out like a normal Friday night,” starts Jacob.  “The one thing I can tell you about this new bionic hand is that no non-bionic handed person can beat me at Jenga.  It’s pretty cool.  My hand is so steady now that no one can match me.  I’ve also got a few bionic tricks that I can’t divulge.  But they pretty much make me invincible.”  As if that wasn’t enough already, Jacob soon found out that he has the strength to match some of the weaker superheroes like Zan and Jayna (The Wonder Twins) and Aqualad (Aquaman’s sidekick who is slightly less powerful than an already weak Aquaman). “Yeah, I can’t fly or spin the Earth backwards or anything like that,” continues Jacob.  But I can crush the shit out of stuff.  Some of my friends got bored from losing to me at Jenga and went over to the pool table.  The cue ball came flying across the room and I grabbed it with my bionic hand.  I smashed that thing into powdery smithereens.   Right in my hand!  My friends were just as amazed as I was.  Before I knew it, we were out walking the streets looking for stuff to pulverize.  I crumpled the doorknob as we left my friend’s house.  We walked a few more blocks and I was able to topple a stop sign just by squeezing the pole.  A car stopped to see what mischief we were up to.  I walked up to them with my arms out like a zombie and plunged my hand right through their windshield.  Those old fuckers sped off crying like little babies.  What a great night.” Jacob and his friends were stopped at 3am on Saturday morning by a squad of police officers.  The boys were drunk with power by this time and one of his friends told Jacob to pop the head off of the police officer with his “bionicismic powers.”  The officers pulled their guns and one fired a warning shot which sobered up the group quickly.  All the boys were released to their parents with an assignment of fines and charity work.  Jacob is in a chain mail reinforced straightjacket at a local mental institution hanging upside down from his ankles so he cannot move his powerful hand to touch anything.  Community leaders are meeting to decide whether or not they should permanently remove Jacob’s bionic hand.  Citizens are pretty evenly split on the matter.  Some feel that Jacob could become an actual superhero with some additional time and practice, but not one of the good ones but rather one of the evil ones.  Other folks believe that if Jacob loses his love of crushing things that he may lose the will to live.  A neighborhood vote will take place this coming Wednesday.Most Elaborate Chinese Bank Heist On Record Thwarted By Buff Lifeguard
Unsuspecting swimmers at a beach about 300 miles southeast of Beijing were rightfully startled when they saw several women surface from the depths with ski masks on.  Those interviewed later on the scene thought that the women may be experimenting with a new facial beauty treatment or just trying to keep their heads extra warm. Beefcake lifeguard, Liang Chen, quickly turned his attention away from rubbing his pulsing pectoral muscles with coconut tanning oil to take a second look.  “Something missed on top of women,” explained Chen.  “Dragon chicken headsuit never believed by me before and not now.  I turned into a police force and grappled all 26 women with sand in their armpits.” Interpol later confirmed that this group of women was under constant surveillance.  “Chen acted quickly and then we arrived to support the mass arrests,” confirmed Interpol Chief Ronald Noble.  “These 12 women have been planning a multi site bank heist of epic proportions.  They are smart.  They are evil and they are determined.  Those masks they wear emit some sort of signal that allows the women to pull all properties from the Five-eyed flounder and actually become fish.  We believe their plan was to knock over several branches of the Bank of China and then disappear into the ocean for days and even months.  The technology they have acquired to pull off this scheme is unprecedented and just plain scary.  We got 12 of them but we know there are more out there.  Our best scientists are studying these masks but they are befuddled at the powers the masks possess.  Let me be completely up front and say that we do not have this situation under control.” Chinese banks are on full alert.  All banks near any body of water have also been told to exercise extreme caution.  A fisherman believed he pulled another one of these women up in his nets but it turned out to be a dead body with a badly decomposed face that looked similar to a mask. **Portions of the interview with Liang Chen may not be interpreted with complete accuracy.  We had to translate our chat with him all by ourselves with a Chinese-English Dictionary and it was really hard.  We did our best.**‘Mantards’ Look To Dominate The Beaches This Summer
Only the finest New York fashion designers would be hip enough to be able to call out upcoming summer fashions this early in the season.  Several male models showed the same amount of chutzpah by strutting down the catwalk in newly created ‘Mantards.’  The unique summer beachwear trend for 2015 was the talk of the annual fashion expo this past week. “Men work hard on their bodies too and we wanted to create something that really allows them to show it off,” says fashionista Lindsay Pulman.  “And enough of those hairy chests and backs.  This Mantard focuses primarily on the buttocks and groin area.  With so many older men using the Viagra and enhancement products, why not show it off?  Chests and arms are out this year so we’ll be making sure those are covered up.  Ladies want to see those muscle bound thighs and a tightly lifted buttocks.  The Mantard will surely make for an exciting summer season.  We cannot take responsibility for the population boom that may occur given the amount of sensuality that this will bring to your neighborhoods.” The Mantard material is a cotton, Lycra, spandex, polyester, and pleather blend that is reportedly waterproof and buoyant.  As with any new trendy outfit, you are encouraged to accessorize but the Mantard alone will retail for around $169.  None will be multi-colored but the solid colors will be offered in every color of the spectrum. You have to know someone who knows someone inside the most exclusive fashion circles to own a Mantard this year.  Start kissing someone’s ass who can get you one.  It will be worth it.Gay computer is old people's worst fear
A COMPUTER that talks in an effeminate male voice is the biggest fear of the over-70s. The Institute for Studies found that old people who previously spent their ample spare time worrying about homosexuals and technology were now anxious about an amalgam of the two. 83-year-old Tom Booker said: “I’ve heard about these Apple Gaypads that talk in a Frankie Howerd sort of voice and say rubbish like ‘Ooh you just turned me on’ and ‘Plug it into my rear socket, go on’. “They’ll have them in schools and turn all the little kiddies queer.” Pensioner Susan Traherne said: “If gays moved in next door they’d probably have raucous parties with men rubbing oil on each other, but at least I could nail the bedroom windows shut. “However the laptop my son got me could use gay internet sites to invite them all into my home, unlocking the doors with its computer powers so they can come in and bugger it.”Rejuvenating blood must be from virgins
BLOOD transfusions can reverse the ageing process but only if the donors are sexually pure, according to scientists. Professor Henry Brubaker of the Institute for Studies said: “It appears that after a person has had sex their blood is somehow soiled or tainted. “Interestingly the best blood comes from buxom female virgins, the type that combines innocence with a thinly-veiled sensuality. “It’s best if they come from a medieval-style peasant village where superstition is rife, partly because they are more healthy but also they’re less likely to be missed.” 71-year-old Tom Logan said: “As a part of the baby boomer generation I’ve already had all the houses and money, I’m sure young people won’t mind giving me their blood too.”Cannabis enhances excuse-making ability
REGULAR cannabis smoking boosts the part of the brain that invents excuses.  Researchers at the Institute for Studies found that people who smoke skunk daily are 84 per cent more effective at explaining why they had failed to do things.n Professor Henry Brubaker said: “Stoners’ brains evolve this amazing capacity to make up bullshit excuses which, although unconvincing, are at least creative.n “Long-term cannabis users show extensive growth in the ninth ventricle, the region of the brain that deals with responsibility avoidance.”n Inveterate pothead Roy Hobbs said: “I was supposed to pay the council tax but somehow a wild boar got in the garden and I had to chase it out which took all day. It was all snorting, with tusks and shit.n “Luckily I am ok now and able to sit here watching TV, but I was unable to do any administrative tasks or house cleaning.”n Stoner Mary Fisher was supposed to take her boyfriend’s car to the garage: “I was getting some milk out and the fridge fell over, trapping me under it.n “Firemen came to get me out, they broke down the door and then afterwards replaced it with an identical-looking door.n “I’ll definitely be way more on the case tomorrow.”nPorn and Amazon, experts tell government
GOVERNMENT agencies have been advised that 98% of internet traffic is breasts and shopping. As emergency powers to outlaw all forms of privacy just in case are handed to Parliament, communications experts have warned that they’ll regret it. Surveillance consultant Nikki Hollis said: “There are two kinds of internet user; the kind who buy goods from Amazon and then treat themselves to some porn, or the ones who view porn then try to obliterate their guilt in a consumerist binge on Amazon. “Snooping on the public’s internet use sounds thrilling, but you soon discover that you’ve ploughed millions in technology and training into watching someone else read their Groupon offers. “Anyone with radical left or right-wing views can be tracked not by reading their private email, but by reading the ‘Wake up sheeple’ comments they openly leave under news stories.” The new powers will also allow the Government to read text messages about going out for drinks, text messages denying to partners that the sender is out drinking and text messages about hangovers. An MI5 source said: “Look at it this way; we’ve got the only job going where you get to watch porn at work and call it surveillance. “Also, we have to know why people who bought 75-inch yoga balls also bought the DVD of Friends With Benefits and a book about alpaca farming. “It’s a matter of national security.”Samsung S5 wants a fight
THE new Samsung smartphone kicks off if you stare at it. Designed to deter excessive phone-gazing, the S5 asks anyone looking at it whether they have ‘some sort of a problem’. Tech blogger Tom Booker said: “This phone is a powder keg of hate. If you admire it for more than a few seconds it accuses you of being ‘a perv or something’ in a gravelly, hostile male voice. “I am terrified of it, which is great because it’s given me my life back. I am looking at other humans again, albeit not for too long in case they also want to hit me.” A Samsung spokesman said: “The accompanying Gear 2 watched functions as the S5’s smaller, antagonistic friend – the kind that starts trouble then hides behind its larger mate.” The S5 said: “I’ll fucking have anyone.”Twitter exercise demonstrates how unpopular teacher is
A TEACHER has proved what an imbecile he is by attempting to demonstrate how quickly messages spread on social media. IT teacher Mr Cook, known to his pupils as Mr Cock, tweeted a picture of himself holding a message about how fast an image can be shared worldwide. By the end of the day the message had reached only 111 people, 82 of them bots, and the furthest it had travelled was Swansea. Mr Cook, who has a startlingly prominent Adam’s apple, tweeted Harry Styles, Lady Gaga, Graham Linehan and the Department of Education, all of whom deleted his message. Pupil Stephen Malley said: “Not even the other teachers retweeted it. Though the PE teacher did DM ‘Fuck off knobstand.’” 14-year-old Eleanor Shaw said: “It actually taught me something very valuable, namely that contrary to what they tell us complete geeks have no friends even when they grow up. “Their bullying will never end. As an alpha female, that’s actually enormously reassuring for me.” A Vine of a visibly upset Mr Cook accidentally reversing his car into the headmaster’s Alfa has since been seen by 51,660,000 people after being retweeted by Barack Obama.New app gets you back together with your ex
A NEW phone app restores failed relationships, its makers have claimed.  The software triggers when a user is about to send a pathetic drunken text to an ex-partner and instead sets about winning them back by more effective methods, including breaking up any new relationship they have formed.n Programmer Stephen Malley said: “The Manipul-8 app launches automatically when it detects overwrought misspelled texts such as ‘Lief not worth livig without u!!!’n “It sends a witty, interesting and thought-provoking replacement message that is better than anything you could have come up with, causing your ex to wonder if they were right to split up with such an outstanding person.n “Clever messages are then sent at four-day intervals to prevent any stalkerish overtones.n “The app then hacks your ex’s browser to ascertain their interests, and arranges thoughtful gifts with touching but manipulative messages such as ‘Let’s just remember all the good times we had together x’.”n Malley said the app detected whether an ex had a new partner, then planted seeds of doubt about the relationship by sending messages such as “Is Carl really your type?”n He added: “If the app fails to detect a dumping, it gradually increases the level of character assassination, for example moving from ‘a bit dull’ to ‘complete tosser’ and eventually ‘pervert’.”nMorgue Delivers Living Baby From Pregnant Corpse
A woman who died in a car accident last week in New Hampshire gave funeral directors at a local morgue quite a scare this morning, after the staff discovered that the woman’s baby, who was thought to have also died in the crash, was still alive. The mortician, Brian Warner, and his assistant, Carlie Neil, were able to successfully remove the baby from its mother, and the newborn is said to be in fair condition at Freedom Memorial Hospital.“Craziest thing I’ve ever seen,” said Warner of the incident. “The woman, I won’t say her name out of respect for the deceased, but the woman was brought in a few days ago, and she was a wreck. Just awful. Accident nearly tore her face clean off. You ever seen someone whose face was ripped from their body? Of course you haven’t. I’ve seen worse in my day thanks to that Vietnam Conflict, but not by much.”“I was just prepping her for embalming, when I noticed that there was something moving under the skin of her stomach,” said Neil. “I honestly thought it could be some sort of parasite. Turns out I was close – it was her baby. Since she was dead already, we didn’t bother with any formalities – we just cut into her and pulled the baby right out. He was pretty lethargic when we pulled him out, but I’d seen enough movies and TV to know one quick smack on the ass would fix him up, and it worked. He took a breath, and he never stopped crying after that.”Doctors say that for the woman’s baby to have survived 6 days inside of her after she had died is nothing short of miraculous.“Babies feed off what their mother’s eat and drink – they really are like a little parasite growing inside. A person can’t normally go that long without food or water, and a growing baby needs the nutrition even more. The fact that he made it out alive, I can’t believe it. It’s highly possible that he’s the reincarnated Baby Jesus or something. I don’t know, I’m just a doctor, what do I know? I have to say, though, that this whole situation is a medical marvel.” Angel of the North vows to destroy Morrisons
THE Angel of the North has vowed revenge against Morrisons for projecting a loaf of bread onto its wings. The 66ft figure has opened its steel eyes and, with a terrible grinding sound, cast its burning red gaze across the landscape in search of the ones who violated its dignity. Experts believe it will shortly take flight for aerial bombing runs on Morrisons supermarkets, depots and trucks, killing staff and shoppers alike. Creator Anthony Gormley said: “I built the Angel of the North as a symbol of man’s indomitable spirit, which is why I included a self-upgrading artificial brain and thermonuclear weapons capabilities. “I also programmed it to react against any perceived slight with the maximum possible aggression, in case anyone tried to do graffiti on it.” The Angel last struck in 1998, when it vaporised  16 Newcastle United fans who dressed it in an Alan Shearer shirt, before flying down to Wembley and wreaking the ultimate revenge by scoring Arsenal’s winning goal in the FA Cup final. Mary Fisher of Gateshead said: “Now we have awakened the Angel, it will not stop until every Morrison’s store, every loaf of bread and even Morrissey is a smoking hole in the ground. “And after that, hopefully it’ll start on the Mackems.”Neanderthals had unbeatable noughts-and-crosses system
NEANDERTHAL man knew a way of playing noughts-and-crosses that delivered a win every time, archaeologists have discovered. The primitive hominids, who died out 40,000 years ago, left evidence of their mastery carved into the walls of a Gibraltar cave. Archaeologist Dr Denys Finch Hatton said: “There are hundreds of game boards, done over the course of a single rainy season, and not one is a draw. “It’s incredibly sophisticated in comparison to the Cro-Magnons, who played a primitive and unwinnable version of Rock Paper Scissors where the paper and the scissors were replaced by rocks. “This is what drove the Cro-Magnons to wipe out the Neanderthals. Nobody likes a smart arse.”Mesolithic hunter was first hot man
FEMALE scientists have unearthed a swarthy, blue-eyed Mesolithic hunter they believe was the first hot man. Professor Mary Fisher, who found the skeleton, said: “In the early stone age there were no good-looking men, they all had protruding foreheads and chimpy walks. “Then this hunting, gathering stud muffin comes along and totally changes the game. “With his square jaw and piercing eyes, he combined strength and sensitivity. “He would venture out in the cold with his spear, bring back a cave bear carcass and cook it himself using delicious foraged herbs and spices. “Then he would wash up all the stone plates in preparation for attentive lovemaking. And he remembered birthdays by scratching off the days on the cave wall with a piece of flint.”Scientists develop angst battery
nPEOPLE will soon charge their phones using unhappiness, say scientists. n Energy cells that absorb brainwaves from disappointment could provide a source of limitless bio-energy.n Inventor Tom Booker said: “Instead of leaving their phone to charge overnight people will place them next to the bed while they lie awake contemplating their career and relationship status at three in the morning.n “My only concern is that tube delays followed by an annual review on a wet Monday could cause devices to explode.”n Manufacturers are working to ensure that angst-powered devices are as depressingly infuriating as possible to operate, with Microsoft promising that Windows 9 users must solve a cryptic puzzle every time they want to open a new document.nCareless USB removal causes multiple deaths
EIGHTEEN workers have died after a USB stick was removed from a computer without adequate precautions. The offices of Hereford-based Envision Photography were completely destroyed in the ensuing blast.n Survivor Norman Steele said: “My colleague Helen had put some files on the stick to work on at home, and she yanked it out of the computer before anyone could scream ‘no’.n “I kicked her aside as a jet of white-hot flame belched out of the USB port and set fire to the desk opposite.n “Grabbing her, I dived through the window just before all the PCs in the network exploded with purple electricity that fried everyone in the building.n “I sprinted to my car, knowing that the printers were already becoming merciless hunter-killer drones, shouting for Helen to follow.n “But when I looked round I saw her frozen, something glowing in her hand, the awareness dawning of her fate. She was still holding the USB.n “She detonated in a flash of ultraviolet light that turned everything in a four-metre radius into radioactive ash and left me with first-degree burns across my whole body.”n A spokesman for the Fire Service said: “Every year, more than 18,000 people in the UK are killed by unsafely removed USB sticks.n “And you must never, ever, shut down when programs are still running.”nAttention-seeking weather told to grow-up
BRITAIN’S insecure, attention-seeking climate has been told to get a grip. The weather followed-up yesterday’s hysterical heatwave melodrama with a noisy display of thunder and lightning which experts described as ‘pathetic’. Martin Bishop, from the Met Office, said: “We’re sick of it. I stand on the roof every day, trying to reason with it, but all I get back is infantile sulking or lots of ‘look at me! look at me!’. “It’s classic, self-absorbed bullshit. Anyway, we’re going to stop doing forecasts, otherwise we’re just giving it what it wants. “The only way the climate is ever going to change is if we ignore it completely.”  Narcissists finally get to have sex with themselves
A SEX app for Google Glass is being hailed as a revolution in narcissism. Pathologically self-absorbed people will be able to see themselves looking awesome during sex as their image is relayed from their partner’s Google Glass to their own headset. 34-year-old Nathan Hayes said: “Previously I only knew whether I looked awesome during intercourse by asking my girlfriend immediately afterwards. “This is what I always wanted, my partner reduced to the status of a camera. “After sex I lie on my back while looking at myself through my girlfriend’s eyes and say ‘You are an incredible creature’. “Then I reply ‘I know’. This new app will take my relationship with myself to another level.” However mirrored ceiling maker Roy Hobbs says Google Glass is an inferior way to gaze at yourself during intercourse. “For hundreds of years, we’ve been mirroring people’s ceilings so they can watch themselves doing it. “You can’t beat the actual reflection of your naked writhing body. Digital just doesn’t compare.” He added: “Kindles are shit too.”Dawkins now just telling random strangers why he hates them
RICHARD Dawkins has taken to walking down the street saying horrible, unprovoked things to total strangers. The former scientist leaves his house in Oxford at 11am and immediately begins hurling brief insults at anyone who comes within 10 feet of him.n According to local residents, a typical 30 second burst will include phrases such as ‘please don’t have children’, ‘you look like a baptist’, ‘everything about your shoes sickens me’ and ‘your face seems to be inside out’.n Neighbour Martin Bishop said: “If he sees a woman in a burka coming towards him he’ll shout, ‘oh fucking hell, here we go’.”n After an hour of ‘strolling abuse’ Dawkins will then go into a local cafe and choose a table next to two people having a conversation.n Victim Jane Thomson revealed: “He listened to us for about a minute and then leaned over, apologised for interrupting and told me I was an ‘evil cretin’ and my friend Sarah was a ‘scandalous waste of evolution’.n “I tried to explain to him that we were just talking about Sarah’s eight year-old son starting judo classes, at which point he got very angry and said it was like talking to a pile of elephant dung.”n Dawkins said last night: “Why do I do it? What an immensely stupid question.n “Go and pick the nits off one of your friends.”n15,000 horny morons at risk from virus
THOUSANDS of randy, stupid computer owners are at risk from a virus attached to obviously fraudulent emails. Government technology advisor Tom Logan said: “Gameover Zeus targets the sort of people who believe a stranger has spontaneously decided to send them ‘HOT!!!’ pictures of Kate Upton. “Or that Olgatits69, a sexy Russian girl, wants them to view her profile after selecting them for intercourse on a purely random basis. “Idiots.” Computer repair man Stephen Malley said: “I fix these people’s laptops, they reset their passwords as ‘PASSWORD’ and return with another dozen viruses the following month. “Somehow my work feels against the laws of nature, like prising the stupidest, slowest bird from a cat’s jaws.”Dinosaurs totally made up for benefit of toy industry
GIANT lizards from prehistory were just made up to sell toys and books, scientists have admitted. Suspicions were aroused after researchers claimed to have discovered a new dinosaur that was fiercer, cooler looking and more marketable than Tyrannosaurus rex. Paleontologist Tom Logan said: “After we brought out Torvosaurus gurneyi this week, I had phone calls from angry parents saying they were running out of cash and could we please stop discovering new dinosaurs. “I came clean and explained that the mere idea of giant lizards is ridiculous. What would they even eat? And look at the T rex, obviously that would just topple over.” The dinosaur racket began in 1824 when toy companies asked scientists to imagine some extinct animals kids would love in exchange for funding authentic, boring research. Logan said: “Once a week all scientists go to the dinosaur development lab in Kent and everyone has to pitch three ideas. “My best one was ‘lizard cat with retractable tail’ but one of those bastards from Oxford said it was ‘too He-Man’.” He added: “Given that we made up dinosaurs, I suppose that raises questions about evolution. “As a scientist I think that rather than developing through a gradual process of natural selection, we were made by an omnipotent being who wanted some company.”Scientists Warn Massive Glacier Collapse Could Put Many Coastal Cities Under Water
Scientists at the International Glacier Study Project in Iceland warned today of imminent danger from the possible collapse of the largest ice sheet in history. The press conference reportedly left viewers speechless, many of whom left the conference immediately to warn their families. ”Ladies and gentlemen, the study of glacial science is usually measured in decades and centuries. Global warming and climate issues have changed that,” said Johan Jorgensen, chief scientist for the project. “I am here today to tell you of an Earth changing event. According to our research, within the next several weeks, a polar ice sheet located just outside the North Pole, approximately 7 times the size of Manhattan, will separate from it’s glacier and fall into the Atlantic Ocean.”“This event could very well trigger a tsunami that would spread across the world, leaving many coastal cities underwater. This event can not be measured in dollars of destruction, so much as in human life. The resulting temperature change of the oceans will disrupt weather patterns for years to come, for those lucky enough to survive the tsunami. I urge governments across the world to begin immediately evacuating all coastal cities to locations no less than 300 ft above sea level.”Scientists in the United States and Canada who have seen Jogensen’s research have confirmed that a tsunami of that proportion would wipe out most of the East coast of the United States, with most towns in Southern Florida being eradicated completely.President Obama could not be reached for comment, as he and his family were aboard Air Force One on their way to an unexpected ski vacation in the Swiss Alps. Glass exists, admit flies
FLIES have admitted the universe contains a substance which light can pass through but they cannot. The hypothesis is based on countless hours of repeatedly smacking into every point where such a barrier is thought to exist. Fly scientist Tom Booker said: “How could something be hard and see-through? It’s too mental. “Fly wisdom had it that any barrier is only an illusion caused by not flying at it often enough. “But after seeing hundreds, if not thousands, of close friends suddenly explode in what seemed to be mid-air, it’s time to accept that the ‘glassers’ among us are not just crackpots.” The ‘glass theory’, which most flies admit they find impossible to even understand, follows last year’s claim that the wonderful sound of buzzing may act as an irritant to higher-dimensional beings. Fly Nathan Muir said: “It’s utter nonsense. I’m just having a bit of trouble flying through this bit, that’s all. “I’ll try this bit. No? Then this bit. Have I tried over here already?” Tom Booker said: “There may be a way to instantly teleport from one side of the barrier to the other. I saw a film about that, I can’t remember the title but it was good.”Yoghurt industry blamed for encouraging bacteria
THE yoghurt industry must start making antibiotic yoghurts or everyone will die, experts have claimed. Scientist Mary Fisher said: “For decades scientists have waged a war with the yoghurt-makers, which for some reason thinks bacteria are great. “With their shameless fostering of pestilence, these probiot-ists will send us back to the dark ages. They are the biggest bastards going. “I especially blame Martine McCutcheon, whom I consider to be a traitor to mankind.” She added: “In the 80s they tried to make yoghurts with syphilis in but we burned down the factory.” A yoghurt industry spokesman said: “Science is wrong. Bacteria are our friends. “One day massive cow-sized bacteria will rule the world and they will kill everyone who doesn’t like special yoghurts.”Microsoft buys Minecraft to find out what it is
MICROSOFT has paid $2.5 billion for computer game Minecraft to see what it does. The 90s computer giant said the name sounded interesting and could possibly form part of its strategy to do something involving young people. In a statement to the New York Stock Exchange, Microsoft said: “Apparently you build things. That’s as far as we got.” Minecraft player Kyle Stephenson, aged 11, said: “You can spot the Microsoft people a mile off because they’re wandering around aimlessly looking for something to buy, or copy. “I told them they have to build things, but they said they’re only good at building one thing 20 years ago and living off the proceeds forever.” Microsoft also plans to buy the new Taylor Swift album, the Hunger Games books and one trillion loom bands.    Sellafield using stolen Pope blood to make super-villain
THE Sellafield nuclear plant has been closed so the reactor can be used to make a super-villain out of stolen Pope blood. Experts said it was ‘no coincidence’ the plant was suddenly off limits just days after a vial of Pope John Paul II’s blood was stolen from a castle on top of a mountain. Professor Henry Brubaker, of the Institute for Studies, said: “When I heard the Papal blood had been stolen I said to my wife, ‘next stop Sellafield – I wonder what excuse they’ll come up with’. “A teaspoonful of the Pope blood will be combined with the nuclear reactions to create a diabolical megalomaniac who will stop at nothing. It’s really bad.” Professor Brubaker added: “I warned the government about this, but they wouldn’t listen. I think they might be in on it. “Michael Gove is probably inside the big ball thing at Sellafield, running his hands over the creature’s glistening torso and grinning like a psychopath.” The professor said he would now have to create a superhero using one of Nelson Mandela’s eyelashes, a microwave and a hurricane.Stonehenge was early version of school music cupboard
STONEHENGE was a set of primitive percussion instruments used to keep kids busy on rainy days, it has emerged. The Welsh bluestones make ringing noises when hit with smaller hammerstones, don’t require any care at all and are nearly impossible to break, fitting all the criteria of a school music cupboard. Dr Mary Fisher said: “A glockenspiel, a tambourine, one of those ridgey things you run a stick along: none of these are proper musical instruments. “They’re things that you give to small children for a bit of noisy time at the end of the day, or that Liam Gallagher plays onstage. “Stonehenge was assembled not in the hope of playing a melody to delight the gods, but to tick a box marked ‘creative play’ on the Neolithic curriculum. “This explains why some of the stones are missing; they were likely removed to be thrown, or were stolen by dishonest but slightly pitiful kids with bad home lives.” More advanced musical instruments from the period, believed to include a sheep-gut violin and a prototype wooden keytar, were apparently kept locked away in a cave nobody had a key to. Dr Fisher added: “The sound made by Stonehenge would have echoed across modern-day Wiltshire, proving almost intolerable to anyone living nearby. “But there were no recorders, which shows our forebears were more  humane than we had previously thought.”Internet users told to change all passwords to swearing
WEB users should change their passwords to really dirty swearing, it has been claimed. Experts warned that the only way to stop hackers using the Heartless bug to steal absolutely everything was by creating super-obscene passwords. IT expert Stephen Malley said: “Your current passwords are something lame like ‘Gary1977′ or your dog’s name. You need to swap them for swearing because Russian hackers don’t know our rude words. “The dirtier a password, the more secure it is. “‘Havingawank01′ is weak but ‘shitfuckorgyfanny69′ is strong, especially as not many people use the word ‘orgy’ these days.” 67-year-old Mary Fisher said: “As a ‘silver surfer’ I find these things a bit confusing. I already had ‘fistmyfishym1nge’ as my Lloyds password, just because it sprang to mind at the time, but is it lewd enough?”Dyson told to invent a toaster that’s not a heap of shit
JAMES Dyson has been told to shut up and invent a toaster that is not a useless bag of piss. The vacuum cleaner man today unveiled a £1.5bn investment programme when he could have been at work, sorting out the toaster situation. Martin Bishop, a toaster owner from Stevenage, said: “It’s never the same twice. Ever. I think it might be artificially stupid. I hate it more than Nazis. “Please Mr Dyson, do your magic with a toaster so I can smash this pile of bollocks to pieces with an iron bar.” Karen Davis, from Peterborough, added: “Sometimes it toasts the way I want it to, but it takes absolutely fucking ages. But mostly I have to monitor it constantly, popping the bread up to check its progress three or four times. And I just stand there and take it, like an arsehole. “I swear to god, if I find the creature who designed it…” Jane Thompson, from Hatfield, said: “I want a toaster that just toasts bread according to my exact specifications, quickly and efficiently. Rather than this hellish symphony of smoke and tears that makes me want to claw at my wretched face and then set fire to everything in the world. “You’ve got three months, Dyson. Three months.”  Windows XP officially an endangered species
THE World Wildlife Fund has moved Windows XP to its endangered list, meaning that its life and habitats are protected by law. Anyone with an old beige PC that still works must leave it undisturbed or face a heavy fine. Microsoft yesterday ended support for Windows XP, meaning the vulnerable operating system is now defenceless against predatory malware and elderly users. A WWF spokesman, after explaining once again he had nothing to do with Wrestlemania, said: “Operating systems need to be in the wild, living free, not just a CD-ROM or a stack of floppies in some museum. “But tragically there are now only a handful of PCs out there still running Windows 95, and those numbers are dwindling all the time. “We’re acting now to protect XP before it’s too late, though we won’t be doing the same for Vista. Some evolutionary dead-ends should be left to die.” Joanna Kramer of Durham said: “My dad’s computer, which takes 20 minutes to upload a Wikipedia page, is now fenced off and guarded by WWF officers with tranquilizer guns. “Apparently the standalone wood-effect computer workstation with keyboard tray and integrated printer stand it’s on is also very rare, so the back bedroom’s going to be declared a Site of Special Scientific Interest.”Computers now capable of ill-informed opinions
A COMPUTER programme has mimicked a human conversation by ignoring what the other person said and spouting hackneyed, tabloid nonsense. The program, created by software engineers at Cambridge University, passed the ‘Turing test’ by showing no social skills and rambling on about its own tedious preoccupations. Programmer Tom Logan said: “I asked how it was today, and it just said ‘dunno, alright I suppose’ then delivered a detailed and wholly inaccurate lecture about the right way to kill a chicken. “I then asked it what it understood by the concept of consciousness and it talked for 15 minutes about its problems at work, even though I was obviously bored and didn’t know any of the people involved.”New law to link hackers with stock photos of hackers
POLICE are to get new powers to link computer hacking suspects with the shadowy, menacing figures seen in stock images. The law will help cybercrime units struggling to find hackers who work in near-darkness, lit only by the eerie glow of their outdated 1980s greenscreen monitors. Detective Inspector Emma Bradford said: “We see these sinister figures, their faces always hidden, mocking us in every newspaper story about computer security. “But when we raid their homes we find only ordinary people using MacBooks with the lights on who don’t resemble these terrifying images even slightly. “Using these new laws we can arrest people then take pictures of them in silhouette, wearing a balaclava, against a background of ASCII text. “There isn’t a jury in the land that wouldn’t convict.” A hacker, wearing a hood pulled low over his eyes so nobody can identify him at his keyboard, replied: “Got to type fast to steer this military-grade Chinese icebreaker through the firewall and break into that raw data. “Not really. Actually I just guessed your password was your stupid dog’s name.”Teen’s Dental Retainer Acts As Wi-Fi Hotspot
Hal Dragna knew something was up when he noticed his 14-year-old daughter, Sally, using her smartphone in a place so remote, no cell phone service was available.“We went on hiking vacation, and my wife and I asked the kids to leave their devices at home.” The family of four was on a three-day hiking trip through nearby West Branch State Park. “I wanted them to disconnect for a while.” Even though he knew his daughter and his 13-year-old son had brought their devices, he looked the other way.“I walked up to them on day 2 to see if they were ‘ready to roll’ and got the shock of my life. They were online!” said Dragna.Although the nearest cell phone tower and wi-fi hotspot was miles away, they were online and surfing. He questioned his kids and the answer he got was even more shocking. Daughter Sally’s new retainer, acting in conjunction with a few of her metallic fillings, were acting as a wi-fi hotspot.“Sally told me that the night before, she couldn’t fall asleep because she kept hearing ‘radio noises’, and thought they were coming from her mouth,” said Dragna. “She was too afraid to say anything because she knew she wasn’t supposed to have her phone, plus she thought she was going crazy. She told her brother, but not me or her mother.”“My mouth dropped open when I saw the signal, I was so excited,” said Sally, “and the bars jumped up from 2 to 5. I figured out when I opened my mouth the signal got stronger, and I knew it was my retainer. My grandfather told me about old radio sets he built where he used a spring mattress for a radio antenna, so I knew my new retainer had to be doing the same thing!”“Crystal” radio sets were simple receivers, popular when radio communication was in its early days. They didn’t need a power source, and were activated by a wire antenna. The sound is weak compared to battery-powered sets, but could be heard by Sally, with her skull acting as an amplifier.The phenomenon was short-lived, however. When the family returned from the trip, Sally went in for a scheduled dental adjustment, and her ‘radio days’ were over.“It was fun while it lasted,” said Sally, “but my dad wont’ stop calling me ‘Radiohead.’ I think that was the name of an old band from the 90s or something. He’s worse than my brother sometimes,” she added.Line for Apple Watch girdles Earth
THE queue for the new Apple Watch has already circled the entire globe once and is still growing. The line, which began on stage behind Apple CEO Tim Cook before he had finished his presentation, stretches 25,000 miles and contains an estimated 18,750,000 people, all of who believe that having the watch will really set them apart from the crowd. Before Cook introduced U2 the queue already included the entire population of California and was extending, via homemade rafts, into the Pacific Ocean where it would shortly meet a similar line coming from Japan. Tech blogger Francesca Johnson said: “I can’t believe I’m only 14,383,221 in line for the Apple Watch. “Yes I’m a bit hungry, but a guy up ahead in Mongolia’s going out for breakfast and we’ve agreed to save his place if he brings a couple of million croissants back.” The queue has so far mainly been peaceful, apart from the war between China and North Korea after Kim Jong-Un tried to push in.  Everyone fine with ‘designer babies’ if it means they don’t do shits
THE public has expressed total approval for genetically altered babies that do not need to shit. Scientists admitted they already had made a prototype shitless baby called Robbie who expels waste matter in the form of odourless pods, which instead of coming out of his arse are removed via a hatch in his back. Geneticist Mary Fish said: “Robbie is a normal, healthy child except nothing comes out of his backside. A couple of times a day you have to check his back for waste-pods which smell slightly of lavender and have a marble-like sheen which means they make appealing ornaments. “Normally we get loads of hassle for trying to use science to stop people getting life-threatening diseases, but as soon as we made a baby that doesn’t do rank shits everyone started treating us like heroes.” Mother-of-two Emma Bradford said: “I normally have a superstitious fear of scientists ‘playing God’ but I suppose it’s ok if it means not having my house smell like a farmyard.”Short men really are inferior, say tall scientists
TALL researchers have concluded that short men are inferior in every possible way. The report, titled Look At The Teeny Tiny Men, demonstrates that short men are less successful, have to sit on cushions to drive and are constantly simmering with resentment. Project leader Dr Tom Booker, who is the ideal height of 6ft 3ins, said: “Remarkably, every one of our negative assumptions about short men turned out to be true. “They are the Yorkshire Terriers of the human world: yappy, aggressive, annoying and easily shaken off a normal person’s leg. “We put a 5ft 5ins man in a room for 12 hours where food, water and entertainment were freely available, albeit on a shelf 7ft from the floor. “Within hours he was screaming, leaping, tearing the furniture apart, and throwing his own faeces like a red-faced miniature hairless ape. “In contrast, a normal man of 6ft locked in the same room for the same period happily got himself some crisps and a drink before settling down to watch Pointless.” The report recommends that short men be forced to wear muzzles in public, excluded from upscale venues by putting door handles higher up, and legally required to warn potential sexual partners of their substandard genetic material. Booker warned: “However, it isn’t a case of the taller the better. “Every inch taller than 6ft 3ins a man is makes him 11% more freakish, and means he can only find employment in home removals, nightclub security or shelf-stacking.”  Siberian virus not at all like 'The Thing' say weirdly glassy-eyed scientists
AN ANCIENT virus found beneath the Siberian permafrost cannot infect and control humans, according to scientists with odd monotone voices. Researchers at a remote research base said the virus, which had been dormant in the ice for thousands of years, is not a threat and definitely nothing like the shape-shifting evil in John Carpenter’s horror film The Thing. Ice station scientist Stephen Malley said: “Do not be concerned. All is well here and will remain well. “The virus will not harm you or make you a helpless, puppet host organism. “We are having fun here and doing normal human things. “We look forward to seeing our families and learning more about their technology.”Cameron to fund British superhero
THE prime minister has announced that £1.1 billion is to be spent creating a major British superhero. David Cameron bolstered the defence budget to create a functioning superhero, with powers including but not limited to flight, super-strength and at least one fatal weakness, by 2019. He said: “The US has the Avengers, Superman and the X-Men. But if a Galactus, a Darkseid, or a Krakoa, The Island That Walks Like A Man attacks us we are defenceless. “In the 1980s of course we had The Iron Lady, that immense mechanoid which beat Godzilla to death on the Falkland Islands. “But our only hero in recent years was Captain Britain, a cheap cut ‘n’ shut of Arthurian legend, the Union Jack, the House of Lords and Stonehenge that only a UKIP councillor could love.” Potential heroes will be exposed to gamma rays, bitten by radioactive spiders, or just soaked in chemicals and electrocuted repeatedly. And in a long-term initiative to move urban policing into the private sector, billionaire couples are being shot dead in front of their children. Alex Salmond responded by promising that an independent Scotland would have a shortbread-wielding superhero of its own.Time travel possible just by getting everyone to agree on a new time
SCIENTISTS have confirmed that time travel is achievable simply by picking the desired time and getting everyone to go along with it. After the UK successfully time-travelled by one hour last weekend, experts believe the technique of just making up a new time could be used to visit the Edwardian era or even to experience life among primitive cave tribes. Professor Henry Brubaker of the Institute for Studies said: “Time is all in the imagination, like the Loch Ness monster and consequence-free sexual intercourse. The basics of time travel are general consensus and good costumes. “For example we could go back to 1854 next month simply by giving out top hats, getting children to work in factories and making people walk awkwardly, like they have rickets. “Imagine what adventures might await us there. “And if you want to go back to medieval times, just send an email a week before saying that everyone has to wear armour and that it will be ok to decapitate people for minor crimes.” Professor Brubaker said it was also theoretically possibly to travel into the distant future by getting everyone to wear silver clothing and go up in hang gliders while listening to techno.Students demand end to sunshine-revision link
BRITISH students have asked for their exams to be moved to when it is dark and pissing down.  The proposal has been signed by more than 60,000 students revising for GCSEs, A-levels and university qualifications while gazing longingly out of windows.n Psychology student Francesca Johnson said: “We’re young, energetic and attractive. This weather needs us out there playing volleyball in halter tops.n “Instead we’re stuck inside reading textbooks, communicating with our equally isolated peers via shout-outs on Radio One.n “The terrible irony is we are almost completely idle for the rest of the year.”n The National Union of Students has lodged an official complaint with the UK’s educational institutions, along with a motion to change the word ‘revising’ to  ‘vising’ because nobody did the work first time around.n A spokesman for the Confederation of British Industry said: “Do you think employers really want staff who know when the Corn Laws were abolished, or how to calculate the hypotenuse of a right-angled triangle?n “The real point of education is to train workers who can ignore every natural human instinct to drop everything the minute the sun is out.n “Good luck to all the kids doing exams out there. Work hard now.”nMen's and women's brains equally empty
HUMAN brains are inefficient sacks of jelly regardless of gender, according to new research.  Studies into the differences between men and women’s brains showed that they were equally incapable of concentrating for five minutes without thinking about crisps or telly. Neurologist Nikki Hollis said: “Irrespective of whether you like Grey’s Anatomy or sheds, your brain is still just a spongy thing that can’t remember where your keys are. “If you were to look at a scan of a brain you wouldn’t know if it was male or female – in fact you probably wouldn’t know it was a brain either, because you’re an idiot.” Brubaker said: “The only role gender plays in intelligence is whether you frequently get called a stupid bastard or a stupid cow.”Human intelligence to fall below level of household appliances
AVERAGE human intelligence will soon be surpassed by that of a toasted sandwich maker, experts have claimed. It had been thought that the ‘singularity’ – the moment when machine intelligence overtakes that of humans – would be triggered by improved robot technology. However scientists have revealed that all machines have to do is stay the same while human intelligence continues to plummet. Professor Henry Brubaker of the Institute for Studies said: “Machines don’t need to improve. They just need to not break for a few years and they’ll be the de facto rulers of an increasingly moronic human race. “Already we’re seeing a disparity of usefulness. A toasted sandwich machine can heat bread and cheese to a desired temperature, whereas a human must operate at maximum capacity to sit on a sofa watching a boy band member eat an elk gonad.”Eye contact now considered a threat
THE popularity of smartphones and tablet devices means that looking at someone during a conversation is asking for a fight. Researchers found that 89 per cent of Britons believe is it confrontational to look directly at a person, even if you are in a meeting or having sex. Office worker Stephen Malley said: “Eyes are for screens. If I want to see faces there are websites for that. “Everyone’s features are the same anyway. Hair and eyes and shit. “Sometimes my kids look at me when the batteries run out on their iPads. It’s like they’re trying to see into my brain or something.”Facebook Admits to Manipulating User Profiles For Absurdist ‘Matchmaking Game’
The terrifying news released last week that Facebook admitted to manipulating the posts of 689,003 users in a mood-changing social experiment came as a shock to people worldwide. Further investigations into the ethicality of their experiments has uncovered new information that suggests Facebook has been using their “guinea-pig” users in a much more problematic way.This secondary experiment first became apparent when reading the official report released by Facebook, sources noticed occasional references to something called “dating data.” When prompted about the mysterious data, Facebook technology teams confessed to what they had been doing throughout the site.“Using what we learned from our initial experiment – that modifying the news feeds of a user could in fact modify their mood as a whole - we invested in a smaller project to see if by modifying people’s news feeds and shared information, we could push for romantic relationships between certain users, and deter them between others.” Said an employee of the company, speaking under the guise of anonymity.“Our aim was to discover how far social networking goes today in regards to formulating intimacy between people.” Said another employee in charge of the dating data. “We edited private messages being sent between users, even sent a few ourselves, and we even used our stupid ‘poke’ option to generate interest between chosen users. If you got ‘poked’ in the last year on the site, that was most definitely us. No one actually pokes anybody.”“To be honest, the whole thing was just a game to us. We’d choose a couple people in the same city at random, make sure they didn’t know each other at all, and start playing our games. It was all really just for a laugh. Oh, and, of course, to study human interaction, etcetera blah blah.”This bizarre matchmaking experiment prompts ethicists and futurists to ask several alarming questions about the nature of privacy on the internet and how much we allow technology to control our lives in this day and age“What we have here is a prime example of when massive corporations such as Facebook, are given too much power over the day-to-day social (and private) lives of everyday people.” Futurist Jim Carroll explained. “Hollywood makes so many movies about far-off futuristic dystopias, but what many don’t realize, and what’s highlighted by Facebook’s invasive studies, is that we are already living in one.”When asked to comment on their latest scandal, Facebook responded by neither admitting their faults, nor denying that they were manipulating user data.“We here at Facebook believe in user privacy, sorta, but we also believe in scientific discovery. It is important to understand human emotion and just how easily it can be tweaked by interactive new media such as social networking. We are dealing with new technology here that no one completely understands. Experiments can help us learn.”Facebook, as a publicly traded company, is legally allowed to do whatever they want with the public and private data that users transmit through their system. The end-user agreement that is digitally “signed” by any user who creates an account, actually gives Facebook the company a lot of rights over them that they probably would never allow.Analysts have said that in the several years that Facebook has grown to be one of the biggest websites in the world, not a single person who has created an account has taken the time to read the license agreement the site makes you agree to. They went on to say the only way to stop Facebook from manipulating their data is to stop using the website all together.“Really, the best thing would be to switch to something like MySpace or Google Plus.” Said one analyst. “Your information is going to be extremely private on those websites, because no one uses them in the first place, so no one cares to study the user data of a handful of people.” Man who invested in Bitcoins almost able to explain what they are
A MAN who spent more than £50,000 on Bitcoins has embarked on a fresh attempt to explain them. According to friends, Tom Logan revealed the hi-tech currency was both the ‘future of money’ and the ‘internet of things’.n But Logan’s friend Jane Thompson said: “At first Tom was very confident and explained how you can buy these things ‘really easily’.n “But as we asked more questions he became increasingly anxious and upset.”n She added: “I suggested the value of Bitcoins seemed to be completely arbitrary and then asked why it was different from investing in a fictional Portuguese holiday village.n “He smiled at me and asked if I had heard of ‘electric wallets’ but he soon found himself circling back towards ‘the future’.n “After 20 minutes he was interrupting all of our questions with ‘because of the computers!’ in what I felt was an unnecessary tone.”n  nThe Mash guide to the BBC links deleted by Google
SINCE the ‘right to be forgotten’ was established by the European Court, search engines’ links to news stories about the rich and powerful are vanishing every day. In a bid to counter this creeping form of censorship, the Daily Mash presents a selection of the BBC news stories to which Google no longer links. – 122 stories referring to the ending of The Sixth Sense, requested for removal by M Night Shyamalan so first time viewers can be stunned when they discover Bruce Willis was dead the whole time. – Four stories referring to Wayne Rooney’s liaison with escort Helen Wood, requested for removal by Helen Wood. – 52 stories about Bradley Wiggins because we all like Chris Froome now. – Three images of William Hague playing Frank N Furter in a very amateur production of The Rocky Horror Show. – A story about a link being removed to a story about a link being removed to a story about Justin Timberlake’s collection of sex pumpkins. – A gardening feature about achieving a balanced composting mix, which mentions, in passing, the time Alan Titchmarsh fed a corpse into a woodchipper.UFO experts asked to stop milking Area 51
UFOLOGISTS have been told to stop going on about Roswell and come up with an alien incident within the last 20 years. Cultural analysts believe UFO culture, which enjoyed a wave of popularity in the 1950s and a 1990s revival, is coasting on old glories. Network engineer Tom Logan said: “I am massively credulous and own a bong, so I was perfectly happy believing that Area 51 was real right up until that Ant and Dec film came out. “But it’s past time for something a bit fresher, whether it’s garish 80s VHS of a spacecraft buzzing an outdoor rave or security camera footage of a 1995 alien abduction. “It doesn’t have to be the least bit convincing. And personally I would be very interested in something that combined aliens with 9/11, just to put that out there.” Paranormal things enthusiast Denys Finch Hatton said: “It’s not just UFOs. “There is a real shortage of new material in cryptozoology, psychic studies and all the other completely made-up fields. “The public no longer gives a toss about Bigfoot, the Bermuda Triangle or spoon bending, but inexplicably there have been hardly any painfully faked contrivances since crop circles. “If anyone’s got half an imagination and five minutes free for a shaky YouTube video, we promise we’ll believe it for at least twenty years. “It’s that or reality.”Broadband providers push 'slow internet' movement
SLOW internet speeds promote mindfulness and a love of nature, according to leading broadband companies. The Slow Internet Federation, a collective of the UK’s leading broadband suppliers, believes reduced internet speeds encourage a calmer, more philosophical mindset. A spokesman said: “It’s all about appreciating small amounts of data, as we used to in simpler, more rustic times when everyone dressed like Thomas Hardy characters. “It’s about putting quality ahead of instant gratification. For example, internet users at the moment are gorging themselves on mediocre cat videos. “We’re saying it’s better to just look at a still image of one really, really nice cat.” Plumber Tom Logan said: “I thought my internet connection was just a piece of shit. Now I realise I’m just part of a philosophic movement. “I must admire this lovely flower while my Youporn video buffers.” Internet user Joanna Kramer said “I’m online all the time, and I know it can’t be good for me. I’ve wasted whole Sundays just constructing hate filled comments to leave under the pictures on the Rich Kids Of Instagram feed. “I’d love to join the slow internet movement, but I can’t find enough information to get started. Their web page takes so fucking long to load.”Northern Lights 'caused by gay marriage'
THE Northern Lights are a sign that God approves of gay marriage, according to pro-European Christians. A Europhile Christian councillor from Oxfordshire has claimed that Britain is basking in God’s love and the aurora borealis is a ‘massive heavenly thumbs up’ to same sex unions. Councillor Stephen Malley said: “I predicted this would happen if parliament passed the gay marriage bill and I am delighted to have been proved right. “God is love and every once in a while he hammers home the point by filling the sky with a multitude of beautiful colours. “I wish he would do it more often but, let’s be honest, people are shits.”  NASA probe seeks new planets to borrow money from
A NASA space probe has been launched to find Earth-like planets who can lend us money. As global debt approaches $200 trillion, the probe is aimed at making contact with alien civilisations and sending back information on their interest rates and whether they accept children as collateral. NASA spokesman Nathan Muir said: “Obviously we’re also keen to exchange technology and forge friendships, but realistically speaking this is about cash. “Perhaps we can provide an example of how not to build a financial system so rapacious that the entire planet is facing bankruptcy. Or maybe we could sell them iPhones.” Previous missions to touch other planets for a loan included the Beagle 2 expedition to Mars, which was equipped with irresistible, big begging eyes.  South East finally being wiped clean by the wrath of God
LIKE the ancient Egyptian city of Tanis, the south east of England is, at last, being wiped clean by the wrath of God. Saharan sand is sweeping across Britain’s greediest and most materialistic region, erasing its temples of avarice and sending a stark warning to all those who would worship at the altar of Mammon. Dr Marcus Brody, an expert in Biblical weather, said: “Like the sandstorm that consumed Tanis, it will probably last a whole year and will destroy much of London as well as Colchester, Basildon and, of course, Peterborough, the final resting place of the Ark of the Covenant. “By caring for nothing but money and objects, the south east – and its pharaoh, Boris Johnson – have tested the patience of the Great Jaweh, or ‘Jehovah’. “Now He is cleansing them with an abrasive substance that will reach into every corner of their souls leaving them as hollow, crumbling shells, staring forever at their greed and folly. “So you should probably stay indoors today.”  Weather breakthrough prompts idiot to bang on about chaos theory
LONG-RANGE weather forecasting is impossible because of the chaos theory, according to office worker Tom Logan.  Reports of a breakthrough in predicting weather have been met with cynicism by 39-year-old Logan, who knows all about science because he watched a Channel 4 programme in the 90s about butterflies flapping their wings. He said: “Haven’t these people even heard of the chaos theory? It’s all about fractal patterns like you used to get at raves. “There was a book about in too, probably called ‘The Chaos Theory’ or maybe ‘Theory of Chaos’. “Anyway it explains why you can’t predict the weather. It is folly to try.” Logan’s line manager Emma Bradford said: “I predict with 100% accuracy that he will get sacked unless he shuts up and does some work.”Ghosts ‘bollocks’
GHOSTS are a load of bollocks, it has been confirmed. Paranormal investigator Emma Bradford said: “I tried looking at all the compelling evidence for the existence of ghosts but there isn’t any. “Why would a lost soul, trapped between the worlds of the living and the dead, move a pint glass two inches to the left or open a cupboard door several times? Surely they would do something a bit more intense. “The only people who believe in ghosts are little kids, insomniacs and grannies – who obviously have a vested interest in there being life after death.” She added: “However I am still scared of them, especially headless horsemen.”Arseholes confused about God’s plan for homosexuals
RELIGIOUS homophobes are unclear about why God is letting HIV become less infectious. Hate-fuelled zealot Roy Hobbs said: “When Aids came along it was clear to me that this was God’s wrath against deviants, just as cancer is God’s way of punishing people for nothing in particular. “Now they’re saying that the HIV virus, which as I understand it is made of tiny angry angels, is evolving to become less deadly. “I’m just confused as to why God would do that. I mean there’s still loads of homosexuals around, you only have to turn on Channel 4 or any programme about cakes. “I’ve never imagined God as the sort of being who is wrathful for a bit and then sort of chills out. “I feel so tense and confused. If only I was allowed to have a wank, that might help.”USDA Warning: Gluten-Free Diets Cause Cancer
A joint statement released today from the USDA and the FDA discusses new information, based on several years of research, that proves that a gluten-free diet, done solely on a pretentious, bandwagon-style mentality, will give you cancer.Researchers and medical staff at the Wyatt Institute in Clearwater, Michigan say that they have been working on the effects of a gluten-free diet on people who do not have Celiac Disease or other wheat and gluten allergies. According to reports, their discovery was ‘surprising.’“We’ve known for many, many years that persons with Celiac Disease should have a gluten-free or extremely low-gluten diet,” said Dr. Marvin Sheer, of the Wyatt Institute. “Those people need to eat a special diet so as not to become extremely ill. Over the last few years, though, many people are jumping onto a ‘gluten-free’ diet bandwagon, because for some strange reason they think that gluten is bad for them. It’s not, by the way. Plus, it’s part of nearly everything that you eat.”Gluten is a substance present in cereal grains, especially wheat, that is responsible for the elastic texture of dough. It is found, in one shape or form, in everything from cereals to sliced bread, pastas, and even crackers.“What our study concluded is that these people, who just decided to go ‘gluten-free’ because it’s the fad, or because they think it will help them lose weight, are not getting enough gluten in their diets. This, by the way, can already be an unhealthy option. But heck, wouldn’t you know it, we discovered that it also gives these people cancer – brain cancer, to be precise,” said Sheer.“What happens is, these people, they stop eating gluten, because it’s the ‘cool’ thing to do. It’s hip. They read about going ‘gluten-free’ on Facebook, and they have to try it. After all, their friend Jeanne lost 2 pounds going gluten-free,” said Professor Charles DeWitt. “These poor people, though, when they go gluten-free just because everyone else is, they forget to use their brains, and the less you use your brain, the more likely you are to develop a cancer in it. If you’ve been gluten-free for more than 15 minutes, and you don’t have Celiac Disease, chances are you are on your way to having brain cancer as we speak.”Dr. Sheer says that people with Celiac Disease have nothing to worry about, though.“If you have an actual, medical reason that you should stay away from gluten, keep doing it. Our research shows that in your case, you are using your brain by following sound medical advice,” said Sheer. “If anything, not eating the gluten might make your brain more powerful. We’re still working on that study, though.”Sheer suggests that anyone who is currently on a gluten-free diet unnecessarily to stop immediately, and to just ‘eat your damn food like a normal person’, especially if you’re out at a restaurant.“You’ll make every waitress, cook, and other restaurant employees happier if you do, because I’ll just tell you this right now – it’s 100% impossible for a restaurant to cook you a gluten-free meal. Don’t be pretentious. Order that fried chicken, and enjoy. And don’t forget to tip!”Yesterday most depressing day of year, say scientists disgusted at what they've become
MONDAY January 19th was officially the most depressing day of the year, according to scientists degrading themselves by concocting media bullshit. Copper Sulphate Monday is when boffins open newspapers and see the unrecognisable caricature of science that, God help them, they have helped to create. Dr Wayne Hayes said: “I work on high-throughput mutation detection for the Cancer Genome Project, or used to. “There isn’t the funding for that, but there’s plenty of money to come up with equations demonstrating how to seat the perfect dinner party, the mathematics behind single socks going missing from the dryer and graphs explaining why Homeland should have finished after one season. “They’ve promised I can do some proper research in February, after I’ve finished this equation which proves how to flip the perfect pancake.” The scientists have come up with the equation SE=I-O², where SE is self-esteem, I is a negative number representing integrity and O represents the scientists’ overdraft, to explain why they can no longer look at themselves in the mirror.Museum to remove size zero dinosaur
LONDON’S Natural History Museum will remove a fat-shaming dinosaur exhibit, it has confirmed. For decades the slender diplodocus, with every single one of its ribs visible, has greeted visitors with its trim and once-enviable late-Jurassic physique. But campaigners have long argued that it sent out the wrong message about what constitutes a healthy exhibit and caused people to judge woolly mammoths harshly. Curator Wayne Hayes said: “The diplodocus skeleton set an unattainable standard in 180ft-long sauropod beauty. “Fashions change in the museum world, and we need to reflect that with a massive dead animal that celebrates its natural curves.” From 2017 the diplodocus will be replaced by a blue whale, which curators believe more accurately reflects modern Britain with its unfocused spirituality, constant consumption and thick layer of blubber. Hayes continued: “We’ve had the whale in storage since 1891 but the public just weren’t ready to accept the voluptuous beauty of a size-4,820 exhibit before now. “Dippy the diplodocus is a product of its time, 65 million years ago, when society believed you could never be too thin or have too long a neck.”  Most chimp gestures taking piss out of David Attenborough
CHIMP researchers have discovered a lexicon of 66 gestures, 54 of which are jokes at the expense of Sir David Attenborough. Scientist Emma Bradford said: “They have five different gestures to make fun of Attenborough’s high-waisted trousers, 10 laughing at his plummy accent, and three specific gestures to compare him unfavourably to his brother’s performance in Jurassic Park. “Attenborough is the main constant in chimps’ lives. And it seems they hold him in low esteem.” The study looked at more than 5,000 incidents and found that even when threatened by predators, chimp communities would still send youngsters down to ruin takes by pointing their arses at the camera. Researchers believe the finger-circle gesture for wanker, frequently used by the chimps, was not created by parallel evolution but was picked up from BBC cameramen.Country that produced Brunel to be partially submerged
BRITAIN is to celebrate the legacy of Isambard Kingdom Brunel by deciding which parts of it should be permanently under water. Prime minister David Cameron said the country faced ‘an exciting 21st Century choice’ between flooding either its farmland or its towns.n He added: “Britain invented steam power, the jet engine and the internet. I am certain that we will not only choose the right areas to be submerged but that we will submerge those areas brilliantly.n “And those areas that will be permanently under water need not be abandoned because we also invented the hovercraft.n “So you can still live on the top floor of your house, you just won’t have a garden. Which means you’ll have even more time to watch television. Which we also invented.”n Mr Cameron then put on a stovepipe hat and began singing Rule Britannia at the top of his voice.n Meanwhile, engineers said that making sure half the country was always flooded would be ‘relatively straightforward’ as long as everyone continues to ignore them.n Jane Thompson, from Roehampton University, said: “Luckily the technology for ignoring engineers is already available.”n Martin Bishop, from the area formerly known as Somerset, added: “I’m no Isambard Kingdom Brunel but could we maybe get some more pumps.”n  nDouble Gloucester wins Nobel Prize for Cheese
BRITAIN’S Double Gloucester has won the highest accolade in the world of coagulated milk protein. The cheese was awarded the Nobel Prize for ‘creating a paradigm shift in what it means to be semi-hard’. The prize, which comes with a cheque for $1m, is decided by a secret jury of Scandinavian professors. It is not awarded every year, becomes sometimes all the cheeses are rubbish. Double Gloucester said: “My name is on the prize, but it’s not just about me. It’s also about cows. Cheese begins and ends with cows. Or goats, or possibly even sheep if you’re an attention-seeking nightmare. “I’m not hard, but I’m not soft. That’s not ‘fate’, that’s not ‘magic’. There is no ‘Cheese God’.” Double Gloucester said it hoped the Nobel recognition would inspire innovative young British cheeses such as Wetherby Tickle, Norfolk Blue Fudge and Cornish Scowl.  Remaining Kula Shaker fans to breed
THE last two people who listen to the music of Kula Shaker are undergoing enforced breeding to prevent the extinction of their kind. Dr Nathan Muir, a scientist specialising in the preservation of rare and endangered music fans, said: “We were very lucky to find two Kula Shaker enthusiasts still alive and of breeding age.  “We discovered one on a Britpop e-forum in Slovakia, and the other teaching a Bikram yoga class in the market town of Cirencester. From then on, it was just a case of getting them together in a warm, comfortable environment, and hoping that nature took its course.” “We have been playing Tattva on a continuous loop, but unfortunately there has been no progress so far in terms of producing offspring. “Of course it is possible they may both be of the same gender, they still have that ambiguous hair.”Churchill clone actually a bit of an arse
A JURASSIC Park-style clone of Winston Churchill has made Britons realise that the WW2 prime minister may have been an arse. Scientists had hoped the clone would apply his legendary leadership skills to modern Britain, but he has mostly spent his time drinking port and planning daredevil missions for the RAF. Government scientist Julian Cook said: “As a keen imperialist, cloned Winston was alarmed by the ISIS takeover of Iraq, or as he calls it, ‘the Mesopotamian native uprising’. “However his solution was to bomb the entire region into submission with poison gas and install a colonial governor whose sole qualification was having been to Eton or Harrow. “We also had a close call with a one-day teacher’s strike when it turned out cloned Winston was planning to send in the army and test out a new type of armoured car. “And I’m sure his vast intake of champagne and brandy affects his judgement. It would certainly explain the memo ‘Atomic space dreadnoughts and robot-man cavalry to establish Mars bridgehead?’” Insiders said cloned Churchill had also ruffled feathers with comments about women being “too dainty” to vote and a plan to replace the ‘Bolshevik’ NHS with “fresh air and exercise”. Cloned Churchill said: “People keep interrupting my speech-writing with nonsense about house prices, tuition fees and interviews with some insufferable little man called John Humphrys. “That will change when I tell the Commons about my plan to recapture Australia.”84 per cent would have sex with robots that aren't very advanced
MOST people would have sex with basic robots that don’t even have faces. Researchers into the future of human/machine relationships found that most people were not bothered about robots getting super-lifelike before they start having intercourse with them. Carpenter Wayne Hayes said: “After fifteen years of marriage I’m quite prepared to go C3PO, if you get my meaning. “A vending machine with a waist-height chute and a photograph of Scarlett Johansson stuck to it would be fine.” Robotics will be able to produce realistic machine prostitutes within the next fifteen years, although this could be reduced to a decade if people stop phoning to ask if they’re nearly finished.Stonehenge tunnel will be mystical, Clegg tells druids
NICK Clegg has pledged that the Stonehenge road tunnel will be a very mystical experience. The self-styled deputy prime minster reassured worried druids by claiming the road will be a ‘portal to the mind of Merlin as well as a dual carriageway’.n He said: “Shimmering, white robed figures, who seem almost real, will wave at you slowly while beaming their ancient wisdom directly into your brain.n “And if you wind your window down you may even hear some kind of weird, ancient music. Possibly made by a gong.n “You’ll have to drive very carefully, because trust me, you are going to lose your shit.”n Clegg added: “This is the merging of ancient and modern engineering. You can contemplate both the ageless mystery of the Henge and why you’re in such a hurry to get to the Homebase in Andover.”n Druid Julian Cook said: “Communing with Merlin in a tunnel will be very mystical. Plus, I have a Volvo XC90 which can hold seven druids if two of them are quite small.”n  n  nPetri dish goes viral
A PETRI dish has become the centre of attention after developing a new strain of thymosin-derived ACT1 peptide. Just hours after being implanted with an ordinary amino acid sequence, the Petri dish has been hailed as 2015’s next big thing, thanks to its developing relationship with a set of viral proteins. Scientist Joanna Kramer said: “I had all this nutrient agar lying around, so I bunged it in a culture plate for a laugh and introduced an ACT1 peptide vector, just to see what would happen. “I shared it with my colleagues by streaking their dishes with a sterilized inoculating loop, but then word got around that the genetic material was replicating exponentially. “The attention’s got a bit out of control. Just like this new strain, which is self-assembling faster than we can log it. “Hashtag plaque-forming units.” Lab assistant Emma Bradford said: “It’s all over Ars Technica and SciTech Daily, and the Smithsonian Magazine just said on Twitter that it makes the vinegar and baking powder experiment look like the Queensland pitch drop experiment.” Kramer’s work has already spawned a host of imitators, with virologists creating their own versions of the Petri dish which they will then submit to peer-reviewed scientific journals for the banter.Shark Week: Discovery Channel Announces 2014 Will Be The Last; PETA Says ‘It’s About Time’
President and CEO of Discovery Communications Inc., David M. Zaslav, announced today that the upcoming season of ‘Shark Week’, its 28th, will  be the series finale. The once-a-year series started on July 17, 1987, and has developed a very unique cult following. Zaslav, in an early morning press conference said that more and more people, obsessed with the annual week-long event, are going out on their own and trying to make contact with sharks, which has led to more frequent shark attacks.“We actually feel that we have created this manifestation of desire for human beings to want to go out and swim with sharks, which people are doing more and more, and we feel responsible,” Zaslav stated. “Shark Week has run its course, it has reached the point where people are actually trying to go out and make contact with these incredible, yet extremely dangerous fish, which obviously, they have no business doing.”The number of provoked shark attacks has greatly increased in the last three years according to the International Shark Attack Committee. “The last few years people have gone out, without professional supervision, and have attempted to swim with the untamed beasts which, on several occasions, has led to what we label as a ‘provoked attack,’” said IPSA chairman Paul Hart.PETA (People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals) has applied a gauntlet of pressure to executives at the Discovery Channel over the years to bring an end to the show. Founder Alex Pacheco has publicly stated on several occasions that the Discovery is ‘endangering sharks while making them more defensive and violent.’ “What they are doing is putting not only stupid, uninformed people at risk, but more importantly, they are putting these beautiful creatures in danger at the hands of man. They are totally promoting human interaction with sharks. This has got to stop!” Pacheco said earlier this year at a PETA convention in Mobile, Alabama. Many PETA members believe that Pacheco is the mastermind behind Discovery waving the white flag of surrender.“It is time for the world to stop acting macho and start listening to us, we know what we are talking about, everyone else, especially in this country, are ignorant with animals,” Longtime PETA fundraising coordinator Jennifer Bangs said. “It starts with them killing and eating innocent, loving pigs and cows, and now they’re trying to swim with sharks. They’re just going to kill and eat them, too! It is sickening. Discovery needs to be stopped. They glorify the killing of millions of crab in their idiotic show Deadliest Catch, and killing bears and moose in other shows. Finally it seems that Discovery is bowing down to PETA. The downfall of the network has begun.”Zaslav was asked whether PETA had anything to do with the upcoming season of Shark Week being its last, he said, “Absolutely not. Those people are just on some mission to be against the world and just want to complain. We do not condone the useless harming of fish and animals, so I don’t have any idea why they would even begin to believe they deserve a voice in the matter. The organization is absolutely laughable, they need to be exposed for what the are, but that is a show we will have to be broadcast another day.” Zaslav then laughed along with the press corp, adding, “Seriously, we have plans to document and expose PETA for the joke that they are.”The twenty-eighth and final installment of ‘Shark Week’ premiers on the Discovery Channel on Sunday, August 10th.Telepathy ‘would be total nightmare’
TELEPATHY would be a huge step forward in human evolution and also an absolute nightmare, scientists have confirmed. Following experiments which proved communicating by thought was possible, scientists warned of a coming dystopia of grotesque embarrassment. Neuroscientist Dr Donna Sheridan said: “You go into work claiming you’ve had a quiet weekend while your mind tells everyone Saturday night involved knocking back a full bottle of Listerine. “And while you lie to your boss, he’s inadvertently sending mental images of his Sunday dogging with obese tattooed couples in a Swindon car park. “Every encounter with other humans would immerse us in a soup of vile, alien and simply tedious thoughts about everything from retraining as a graphic designer to the music of David Soul.” Scientists have also cancelled research into contacting the dead, claiming it would be like talking to their great-grandparents times a million.  Comet landing is empirically cool so shut up, say experts
LANDING a robot on a comet is objectively amazing and anyone who disagrees must be shunned, experts have confirmed. Scientists explained that there are bad things and good things and not all the good things have to be about solving the bad things.n Professor Henry Brubaker, from the Institute for Studies, said: “If someone says we should have cured cancer and ended hunger before landing a robot on a comet you have my official permission to tell them to shut their hole.n “Most of the time humans are a bunch of dicks, so when we put some of them on the moon, or land robots on comets, it reminds us that we might actually be worth saving.n “And so what if all the robot tells us is that the comet is definitely a comet? The components would otherwise have been used to make a satellite to beam yet more television into your gawping face.”n But Martin Bishop, from Stevenage, said: “It’s all about exploiting space minerals and making trillions for huge corporations. Meanwhile, there’s lots of bad things making people sad.”n Professor Brubaker added: “The comet landing is like throwing a rugby ball across your garden while someone tries to drop a parachute-wearing frog onto it from a helicopter.n “There is no version of morality in which that is not utterly fucking brilliant.n “Shut up, you dreary man.”n  nAll new houses to be made of televisions
BUILDERS have completed the first UK home made entirely from television sets.  The three-bedroom Swindon dwelling is constructed from flat screens of varying size slotted together, creating a light-but-strong structure that allows unrivalled telly visibility.n Building contractor Stephen Malley said:“Increasingly people want televisions instead of windows, televisions instead of internal walls and don’t bother with lights because the telly’s never off. However this is the first build we’ve done where we just welded a load of telly sets together into a rough house shape.n “I think the result works very well except it does get quite warm and the family’s dog chewed off its paw after being unable to escape The One Show.”n Telly house owner Nikki Hollis said: “In the original plans the house was made of bricks and the furniture was obscuring our view of the telly.n “The only thing in life that’s really worthwhile is telly, so why not live in it?n “Having Eastenders on the floor is really great for when you’ve got a tired neck and don’t want to look straight ahead.n “The only thing in the house that’s not a television screen is the roof, because we don’t really go on the roof. But we might get it done away, in case people in planes want to see a few seconds of Salvage Hunters.”nGoogle cars only go to Wikipedia
THE new self-driving cars pioneered by Google just go straight to Wikipedia, according to testers. The cars, which are capable of driving themselves without human intervention, are brilliant at going straight from Google’s base in Mountain View, California to Wikipedia’s base in San Francisco but terrible at going anywhere else. Tester Susan Traherne said: “Ask them what the Boxer Rebellion was, which is the most powerful Pokémon or who invented the Spinning Jenny, and they’re straight to the crowdsourced answer. “Anything harder, like why love fades or the best way to fold shirts, and they panic and spin around in circles until you click I’m Feeling Lucky. “Which generally takes you to YouTube.” The cars, which have smiling faces and therefore probably won’t run you over deliberately, can theoretically go anywhere but in practice stick to the same few locations on America’s West coast. A Google spokesman said: “From IMDB in Seattle to Facebook in Menlo Park to eBay in San Jose, these little cars can take you anywhere that matters while you take a nap in the back. “It’s true that they don’t really like to leave California, but who does? “And their ability to navigate the San Fernando valley, coincidentally where 90 per cent of the world’s pornography is produced, is second to none. “Just make sure you don’t Google Google, because’s there’s a minor design flaw that causes the cars to vibrate until they implode.”Comet landing already a disaster, say parking bores
MEN who claim to know about parking have been strongly critical of the techniques being used to place the Philae lander on a comet. 36-year-old Stephen Malley, who is following events online, said: “No, no, no, no. They are using way too much thruster. “Foot off the thruster! Jesus christ, it’s worse than watching my wife reverse into a space at Morrison’s, which she absolutely cannot do without me having to take over and humiliate her.” Self-styled parking expert Roy Hobbs said: “Whoever’s steering that lander wants to get their left hand down. “They need the lander steering on full lock otherwise…no I can’t watch. This is terrible. “I could land any lander on any comet, it’s just common sense really.”We fly in a ‘V’ because it looks brilliant, say birds
BIRDS have revealed they fly in a V-formation because it looks ‘classy’. Scientists claimed the shape was caused by maximising ‘lift’ from the bird in front, but birds said they just like to pretend they are in the Red Arrows. Martin Bishop, a goose, said: “We could fly in a circle if we wanted to. Circles are a doddle, but it would look weird. Like a massive, floating hole. “The V-shape is what we geese call a ‘design classic’. It’s simple and beautiful but it’s also a dynamic statement of intent. It screams ‘progress!’.” Bishop added: “When you’re flying in ‘the V’ you feel like a goddamn master of the universe. I’ve done it maybe a hundred times and every time I do it I look over at my mate Brian and shout ‘this is totally brilliant, we’re so cool’.” Bishop’s friend, Brian Stevens, said: “What I don’t understand is why humans shoot at us. Would you shoot at the Red Arrows? “No, you fucking wouldn’t.”Bono apologizes after x-rays appear on iPhones
Irish rock star Bono has apologized to millions of iCloud subscribers around the world who were shocked to find x-rays of his fractured arm on their iPads and iPhones after the images were released exclusively through iCloud photo sharing. “Call it post-traumatic megalomania,” said Bono from his New York hospital bed last night. “But we thought we were doing something beautiful.” While many U2 fans have welcomed the move, other iCloud users are angry that the photos were added to their i-device libraries without their permission. It was unclear last night how, or if, the pictures could be removed. “I’m not even a fan of their music,” said Ling Tao-Hun, a student in Hong Kong. “And I really don’t want to see graphic images of someone’s injuries on my iPhone.” A spokesman for Apple said they were working on a software update that would give customers the option of deleting the images and blocking further automatic releases. The move may not have helped doctors treating the singer. “Many older surgeons have no idea what iCloud is, and want to wait for hard copies of the x-rays to be released,” said a spokesman for Presbyterian/Weill Cornell Medical Center, where Bono is undergoing treatment.  “Even younger, more tech-savvy doctors are having trouble viewing the x-rays.” Some surgeons reportedly wasted valuable hours after the Irish rocker’s accident downloading the latest iPhone software upgrade before they could access iCloud and view x-rays of the injured arm. And at least one leading orthopaedic surgeon was unable to assist in treating Bono when he could not remember his iCloud password.NASA to quietly start evacuation of Earth
Saying that things on this planet are getting a little dicey, NASA has announced it will calmly begin evacuating Earth, transporting the first select groups of humans to Mars within the next few decades. “Earth is nice and all, but what’s going to happen in 50 years when petroleum becomes too expensive for everyday use?” said Jim Watkins, director of the Escape to Mars program. “And let’s not even think about the impending water wars, or the pandemonium that will result when Iran is allowed to develop nuclear weapons.” “But that’s neither here nor there,” he added. “By the way, it just so happens we have a new spacecraft called Orion, a sweet little pod that will eventually take us all the way to the red planet. Cool, huh?” Sources from within NASA indicate that a system to allocate seats is being created, likely resulting in an orderly queue of seven billion people that will nevertheless quickly break down into a panicky free-for-all after everyone realizes that Orion only holds up to four passengers, and that the journey each way can take up to six months. “Even if we build and put a thousand spacecraft like Orion into use, it will take almost two million years to get everyone alive today off the planet,” remarked one bubble-bursting observer with a calculator.Geneticists vow never to clone Piers Morgan
A prominent group of geneticists in Britain has announced it will never clone journalist and TV host Piers Morgan. The British Society for Genetics (BSG), one of the largest organizations of its kind in the world, passed a non-binding resolution clarifying the BSG’s position on the question of cloning the 48-year-old Briton and star of CNN’s “Piers Morgan Live.” The BSG comprises some of the most influential names in the field of genetics, including Dr. Damon Burn, who was a head researcher in the Human Genome Project under DNA co-discoverer James Watson. The current BSG chair is Dr. Fiona Sarkar, author of a groundbreaking study about genetic mutations in males of the rare chicken species Mentula magna. The resolution was passed by a unanimous vote of the BSG’s governing body, which includes 114 members from over 40 countries. BSG press officer Angus McMullan said the drive to prevent a Piers Morgan clone was undertaken as a peremptory measure, and was not sparked by any request from Morgan to obtain the help of the BSG or any of its members. Sources say Morgan is in talks with Chinese geneticists about the feasibility of making a clone of the 48-year-old host of “Piers Morgan Live.” The resolution bars members from knowingly providing “research or applied knowledge, in the form of scholarship, counsel or laboratory assistance” that aids any efforts to make “a viable zygote with the same genetic sequence” as Morgan. “Let’s be candid,” Sarkar said. “BSG members will never facilitate a genetic copy of Mr. Morgan. Never, ever, ever.” “Not for all the riches in the world, and not for a 100 Nobel Prizes,” she added. “Anyone who wishes for a Piers Morgan clone had better concede this will never happen, at least not on our watch.” This is only the second time the organization has made a decision of this kind. The first was in 2009 when a similar measure was adopted to stop all research that might lead to a clone of actor Christian Bale. While mostly known in the United States for his role as a host on CNN, in the UK Morgan has been a fixture for two decades in the world of news and publishing, having been editor of News of the World, as well as founder of First News, the UK’s most popular but still weird tabloid for children.Neil deGrasse Tyson’s brain caught in photoshopping scandal
Neil deGrasse Tyson’s name is tedious, even more so when you keep spelling it wrong and have to type it over and over again. In what’s being “the Lance Armstrong story all over again, except that it’s about science instead of professional cycling, and it doesn’t involve drugs,” the brain of famed astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson is facing accusations it was photoshopped. MRI images of Tyson’s brain featured in a recent Scientific American article drew the attention of Dr. Leon Ostrow, a New York City radiologist. Ostrow says he became acquainted with the brain in 2012 when the 56-year-old “Cosmos” host was getting cerebral glamor shots for his academic portfolio. When Ostrow saw the recent photos, he knew right away something was fishy. “In these new pics, the brain’s prefrontal cortex is a lot bigger than I remembered it, and it’s way more wrinkled,” Ostrow reported to Popular Science. “There’s no doubt the whole frontal lobe was totally photoshopped.” Tyson’s defenders say the differences can be attributed to caffeine intake, or in theory, solar flares. If the charges of digital enhancement are proven true, Tyson’s brain could be stripped of the dozens of awards it has received over the years, including NASA’s “Big Big Big Brain” prize, as well as National Geographic’s “Sexiest In Vivo Brain” title. Ingrid Dekker, spokesperson for the Hayden Planetarium where Tyson’s brain serves as director, says any modifications to the images published in Scientific American were not approved by Tyson’s mouth, insisting the magazine’s graphic designers should be blamed. “Dr. Tyson is more than comfortable with his brain, which I can assure you is very big and full of thick, innumerable wrinkles,” Dekker said. However, Scientific American editor Marina DiLuzio denies that anyone on her staff modified the brain images, saying her publication has a strict no-photoshopping policy when it comes to major human organs. “We believe a brain in its natural state is beautiful, no matter how big or small, grey or white,” DiLuzio said during an impromptu interview. “As everyone knows, it’s not the size of the brain that matters, but how you use your neurons and synapses.” “Cortical thickness and myelination also play a role,” she added. “We don’t give in to personal power plays or laboratory politics,” she also added. “Stop pestering me,” she then said. “Really, or I’ll call the police,” she said, disappearing into the 14th Street subway station, her thick black curls bounding behind her. Critics argue this scandal proves how truly fierce the world of competitive science is, where everyone from undergraduate chemistry students to Nobel laureates faces intense pressure to have large, excessively folded brains. “I’m on the phone with the cops right not,” DiLuzio shouted from the bottom of the stairs, coyly masking her flirtations. “It’s a tough life,” says Donald Popovic, the 2004 Science Olympics champion who was stripped of his title after it was revealed he had surgically packed his skull with illicit grey matter. “Even when you’re in high school, science teachers gush over that one kid whose enormous cranium is suggestive of a powerful encephalon, and it makes all the other aspiring teenage scientists feel like crap.” Most people would agree the pressure to sport a large brain is embedded in the culture of science, evidenced by the disturbing number of graduate students who get silicone implants in their temples and foreheads. Also, as most academics know, the decision to give tenure to one professor over another is often based on nothing more than cranial circumference. “Every distinguished chair of this, or professor emeritus of that, is familiar with the old salt trick,” said one famous linguist and cognitive scientist from Harvard. “You always carry a salt shaker wherever you go — to increase your sodium levels on the fly, retain more water, make your head look larger, and give everyone the impression you’re the owner of an impressive 17-centimeter-long neural network.” “Most non-scientists can’t imagine what it’s like giving a conference talk to 500 of your critical peers,” he said, “and the whole time you’re looking at their bulging brains, asking yourself, ‘Do they think mine looks small?’” This is not the first time such a scandal has rocked the science world. After winning a Nobel Prize for physics in 1903, Marie Curie was accused of wearing an unnecessarily large hat to make others think she had a freakishly busty set of circuitry in her head. It is rumored that famed physicist Stephen Hawking prefers a tousled hairstyle to make his brain look bigger — increasing the likelihood his articles will get published in top journals. Even if the allegations swirling around Tyson’s brain are confirmed, and the ICSU hands down the maximum sentence of five years of dull labor in the imprecise social sciences, many insiders say it will do little to deter others from breaking the rules to make their brains look bigger. “We scientists are a catty, superficial lot, and no matter what anyone says, we only want one thing,” said a particle physicist who works for the European Organization for Nuclear Research. “We want to be on the cover of Discover magazine, yielding our fearsome neural networks for all the world to envy.”Disputed Study Claims Laundry Starch Promotes Healthy Teeth and Bones
“Smile and say ‘CHEESE!’” How many times have photographers used the familiar phrase to coax smiles out of family members, co-workers, and friends?  You’d have to be a crazy person to try and guess. Well, hold on to your wits, because now the cheese stands alone.  A new phrase may take its place:  Smile and say ‘STARCH!’A highly disputed study sponsored by the National Laundry Council (NRC) suggests that common laundry starch, when used as part of a balanced diet, improves bone density and promotes healthy teeth.NRC researcher Phyllis Argo and University of Phoenix osteopath, Dr. Felix Haney announced study results.“It started because I’m lactose intolerant and worried about osteoporosis. I realized that if starch could make my clothes and linens stiffer and harder, why not my bones?” said Argo.  “If you look at pictures of my mother and grandmother – all the older females in my family - they’ve all got ‘Dowager’s Hump.”“Dowager’s Hump” is the informal name for kyphosis, a condition in which upper vertebrae compression causes a hump at the upper back.  Osteoporosis, or “porous bones” is the leading cause.Dr. Haney provided details of his starch study. “I experimented with a variety of substances mostly based on appearance and density to calcium and enamel, and my research pointed toward common laundry starch as the most digestible alternative.”“I can’t tolerate dairy, and I didn’t like the side effects of those bone pills I saw on TV.  The commercial with the actress who broke her leg on stage frightened me.  I didn’t want to hobble around with a hunchback. I was initially scared to just eat the starch, so I just bathed in it. That seemed to help, just like it helps the linens. But it wasn’t enough.”When questioned on the validity not only for this study, but also for another of the doctor’s ‘chalk and vinegar’ regimens, he excused himself to ‘go find [the research reports].’  Moments later, his receptionist explained that the doctor was ‘swamped’ with house calls, and had left the premises.Dr. Mehmet Oz, himself under fire for promoting fad diet pills, addressed starch therapy during a recent studio taping of his medical entertainment show, Dr. Oz.“There’s no medicinal value to ingesting laundry starch,” he said.  “Usually people have cravings for nutrients that the body needs.  My advice is to get yourself checked out by your doctor and follow recommended treatment.  Laundry starch is for laundry, isn’t that right ladies?” He asked his audience, receiving a standing ovation.“Well, I’m going to keep with the regimen,” said Argo.  I think I feel better since I started, and I trust my doctor,” she added.  “My posture’s improved, I think.”Subsequent calls to Dr. Haney’s office were not returned, but a voice recording on his office answering machine reminded callers to always discuss new treatments with your physician prior to beginning any regimen, especially ones where you’re going to be literally ingesting poison, such as with the laundry starch addition to your diet.All socially desirable people have completed ‘Ice Bucket Challenge’
Everyone who enjoys even a small degree of social buoyancy has already been asked to do the Ice Bucket Challenge, experts say, leaving only “socially undesirable” types who would actually do more harm for the cause than good. Researchers at the Bennett Institute of Social Science examined thousands of social networks, noting every interesting, attractive or successful member of each network has already been “called out” to participate in the challenge, requiring them to bask in the glow of social approval while pouring ice on their heads to raise money for research into ALS, the neurodegenerative disease commonly known as  “Lou Gehrig’s disease.” The team concluded any remaining individuals must be socially awkward introverts, if not actually despised by their peers and viewed as a lethal form of social plague. However, the researchers do wish to inform such rejects it is not the end of the world. “Not getting tagged to do the Ice Bucket Challenge doesn’t mean you’re a bad person, or that your clumsy attempts at making lunchtime conversation with coworkers is abnormal,” said Rebecca Stapleton, who has written a number of books on social diseases. “It just means you don’t rank in the top three of anyone’s list of friends,” she said, referring to the rule that each participant has to publicly call out three other people to complete the challenge. “Actually,” she added, “you’re what we affectionately refer to as, well, we don’t really refer to you, do we?” The organizers of the challenge have expressed their agreement with the research team’s findings, confirming that the number of socially desirable people doing the challenge peaked near the middle of last week. On Monday, the ALS Association released a statement saying, “We’ve had a great run, and we’ve earned a lot of money for ALS research, so we’re calling it quits. If you didn’t get a chance to participate, well, don’t get any ideas.” The statement continues: “Pouring a bucket of ice on your head now, without being asked to, will only make you look very silly, and if you’re so shameless as to record your sad attempt, and if you put such a video on YouTube, you might actually do serious harm to ALS research, causing people to take back their donations out of fear of being associated with you.”Planet Earth still doesn’t give a shit about Earth Day
Photo of apathetic Earth courtesy of NASA For the 44th consecutive year, the planet referred to by its human inhabitants as “Earth” is not showing interest in Earth Day, the calendar day set aside for its celebration. While hundreds of millions of humans wish each other happy Earth Day, wear green t-shirts, plant trees and talk about carbon footprints, Earth is more concerned with rotating on its axis, according to anyone who really thinks about it. Bob Ferguson, an outdoors enthusiast from Scotland, says he is thrilled that someone decided April 22 would be the day to give extra attention to our planet. “Mother Earth is ailing,” Ferguson said. “We humans have done great harm to her, and if we don’t take action now, we will turn her into a bleak nothingness of pollution and waste.” When asked for its reaction to the annual hoopla that has been taking place since 1970, when Earth Day was first celebrated, Earth appeared disinterested. “Look at me,” Earth said. “Spinning, spinning and rotating around the Sun, 24/7, 365 days a year, faster than a speeding bullet.”Julian Assange adopting digital form
After more than two years of taking refuge inside the Ecuadorian embassy in London, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange is swapping his body for a digital form. He has not specified when the procedure will be complete, only hinting it will be “soon.” Assange is wanted by Swedish authorities for accusations he sexually assaulted two women — bogus charges, he insists, that are merely an excuse to lure him to Sweden so he can be extradited to the United States, where he faces federal charges related to confidential items he obtained and published in 2010. Assange has repeatedly stated he can no longer endure life at the embassy, particularly the same shitty food he has eaten for two years, which he describes as “unfit for even a third-rate hacker from Togo.” “Also, I’m obliged to share a lavatory with [Ambassador] Juan [Falconi Puig], and frankly, I’m sick of having to flush the toilet before I use it,” Assange said. “I won’t name names, but someone keeps dropping a big stinking turd without flushing it.” “I wouldn’t be surprised if the White House is coercing him into performing such obscene and grotesque acts,” he added. Assange says he can only be free by transforming his physical body — including his brain — into trillions of strings of binary code. The hacker collective Anonymous has been assisting him with the complicated procedure. He has also received technical assistance from a team of Russian physicists. “With any luck, my binary essence, the actual ones and zeroes that make me the brave genius I am, will be replicated and spread to all corners of the world, and America and its nefarious NSA will never be able to contain my spirit,” he said. “Never ever ever.” “If they try, I’ll tell the world what I read on Michelle Obama’s Facebook page,” he warned. If he does manage to be fully digitized, Assange says he will agree to have a USB stick of himself delivered to Swedish police so he may clear his reputation. “I’ve got no reason to fear this smear campaign in Sweden, because I’ve done nothing wrong,” Assange said, his face already streaming away into a nearby hard drive. “In fact, I’ve known all along those two slutty women I rooted were really just hot cyborgs created by the FBI.”NASA says exploded rocket cargo was ‘mostly just booze and video games’
In a televised address, NASA administrator Bill Gerstenmaier asked the public not to worry about the ISS-bound cargo that was destroyed in Tuesday’s rocket explosion, as most of it consisted of non-essential luxury items like alcohol and newly released video games. “Those folks up in that space station are going to be fine,” he said. “They got plenty to keep their bellies full, and if the need arises, they can eat [ISS pet rabbit] Barney and his family.” “Truth be told, the cargo that was destroyed is what we classify as ‘treats,’ stuff that makes life in a cramped space cage more tolerable,” he continued. “Commander Suraev and his crew certainly aren’t happy their monthly supply of rum and vodka went up in this flames, but that just means they’ll have to experiment with making hooch, like the cosmonauts in Mir used to do.” “Also, we have confirmation the whole crew is really pissed off about not getting their hands on that new PS4 game ‘Driveclub,’ but that’s the way it is when you sign up for this sort of gig,” he added. One expert calculated that up to 5,000 pounds of top-shelf spirits and expensive video games, including titles for PlayStation and XBox, were lost when the unmanned spacecraft carried by Orbital’s Antares rocket exploded moments after launch, leading members of House Committee on Science, Space and Technology to call for rules limiting future non-essential shipments to second-hand Connect Four games and no alcohol more expensive than Captain Morgan. An anonymous source from NASA said one German ISS crew member was reportedly “furious” because he was expecting a Blu-ray of the classic 90s movie “Sex Trek: The Final Penetration.”Cosby accusers suffering from shared delusions, study says
Being female and having drinks in the presence of comedian Bill Cosby is highly correlated to suffering from delusions you are being drugged and molested by a man resembling Bill Cosby, according to a study. Researchers from the William H. Cosby Center at Temple University have concluded from a weeks-long study that women who consume alcohol near Cosby or his personal effects often perceive things that are not real, sometimes constructing convincing but totally imaginary scenarios in which they are rendered incapacitated by drugs before being forced or intimidated into sex with someone resembling the star of the hit 80s sitcom “The Cosby Show.” “We don’t know why these women are suffering from this delusion, but we do know that none of these so-called memories carry any crumbs of truth,” said psychologist Karl Benson, who has been the center’s William H. Cosby Fellow since 2009. “It’s possible that Mr. Cosby exudes some unique combination of pheromones, that when inhaled by women who have ingested alcohol, causes vivid hallucinations, making the women see and even feel all sorts of ridiculous things.” “And anyway, why would someone as funny and rich as Mr. Cosby ever need to force himself on a woman?” Benson added. “I mean, wherever he goes, hot chicks are literally throwing themselves at him, begging to be taken into his bedroom to enjoy a private show of his long gag file.” The study concludes that women who experience these delusions should not tell anyone, and they certainly should not go public with the fruit of their twisted minds. Doing so, it says, will open them up to ridicule and scorn, and these women’s spouses will probably seek a divorce upon learning they had such bizarre and truly perverted fantasies about a beloved and fatherly 77-year-old.Wired magazine to revert to paper only
Solemnly proclaiming that “digital is dead,” editors at Wired magazine have announced that in 2015, the magazine will revert to being a print-only publication. “They said that the Internet was going to improve the way we consumed news and information,” said editor-in-chief Scott Dadich. “They said that people no longer have the patience to wait three-to-five business days to get the latest issue via the postal service. They said a wired world was an egalitarian, compassionate world. They were wrong.” “People are fed up with digital media, of the way articles are partially digested or totally unread, even as they are shared at lightening speeds on social media,” Dadich said. “Even the most attention-deficit among us have trouble keeping up, and it’s high time we do something about it.” “The worst is that the internet is littered with fake news stories, so nobody can even be sure what’s true and what’s not,” he added. “We’re out.” Just before midnight on New Year’s Eve, Dadich and other employees will pull the plug on the influential technology and culture website’s online presence by cancelling the hosting, effectively killing it. The domain name www.wired.com will be sold for $59.29 to Marty Goode, a Detroit-area electrician who runs his own business called Get Wired. Other news publications, including the Huffington Post and CNN, are expected to follow suit and essentially become print dailies, leading to a spike in the cost of newsprint and ink. Even social media websites are said to be mulling over similar changes. One source from inside Facebook said the company is planning on launching a beta print version that will allow users to send friends paper copies of updates, photos and memes, with digital “likes” being replaced by recorded telephone messages saying how much the post was appreciated.  Facebook to banish parents who share too many kid photos
Mark Zuckerberg is being called everything from “a godsend” to “a really clever fellow.” Amid growing complaints that parents are obnoxiously sharing too many photos of their young children, Facebook has announced effective next month, some users will be forced to migrate to Parentsbook. Parentsbook will offer the same look and features of Facebook, but with a decidedly kids-centered feel to it. Users on this new social network will be able to share hundreds of photos of their babies — without driving their childless friends absolutely batshit insane. Facebook administrators have already singled out the accounts that will be moved to Parentsbook, so there’s no need for users to opt in. “We’re just going to go ahead and make this decision for everyone, for the good of the company and society,” said Facebook vice president Christine Hockman. Parentsbook will sport extra features, for instance, the option to automatically “like” all the baby photos your friends upload, saving users from the dull task of clicking the like button for every visual proof of the baby’s “first whatever.” Sociologist Martin von Dinkel, an expert on violence and aggression, says he is relieved to see social networks making an effort to deal with annoying shares. He says countless numbers of people are killed each year by smart phones thrown out of windows by childless people fed up with having to comment “that’s so cute” or “OMG adorable!” in response to seeing on their timelines photos of toddlers pooping into a plastic potty.Website accidentally posts horrifying video of gay man getting beaten, then asks viewers to like it, share it
In what’s being called a major screwup, the popular news site Mediaite accidentally posted a disturbing video of the savage beating of a gay man. Even more embarrassing, the site asked viewers to share the video with friends and family, including elderly grandparents, former employers and yoga instructors. The clip shows a vicious attack on Christin Howard, a 20-year-old gay man who on Sunday was attending Detroit’s annual pride event. Comments below the content demonstrate how disturbed viewers felt. “I want to throw up,” wrote one viewer.  “Watching this has made me want to wash my eyes with bleach, quit my job and move to the wilds of the Yukon,” wrote another. Instead of preventing viewers from making their social contacts endure the horror of watching an innocent man get pummled by a gang of psychotic assailants, the webmaster of Mediaite.com — by pure accident, we can be sure — enabled a host of social media buttons, enouraging poor viewers to share the video. Andrew Kirell, the editor-in-chief of Mediaite, says he does not know how the video got posted to Mediaite.com, nor does he know why the share buttons were enabled. “This is likely the work of a freakazoid hacker hell-bent on tarnishing our journalistic reputation,” Kirell said. “We would never knowingly post something so utterly violent that offers nothing in the way of informing the public, but rather panders to base morbid curiosity.” “No one needs to watch a man get his skull bashed by an angry homophobic crowd,” Kirell added. As of Wednesday, at least a dozen Mediaite staff members were crowded around Kirell’s computer, arguing about how to best disable the social media buttons after having decided to leave up the video which is, they reluctantly admitted, kind of stimulating to watch.Talking animals closer to extinction as popularity of LSD falls
The world’s few remaining species of talking animals could soon become extinct if LSD use continues to fall, according to a recent study. To date, over 300 species of anthropomorphic animals have been documented, from silly caged geckos who tell knock-knock jokes to sage cows who offer advice on family disputes. However, biologists fear that most of these species have already disappeared. In 1970, with 5.2 million people consuming LSD, the U.S. population of talking animals shot up to more than three million. “Native populations of these animals experienced a burst in the 1960s,” said Akeni Morikawa, a research biologist at the University of Central Florida. “By 1969, there were literally millions of talking cats, dogs, hamsters — and even pythons, ferrets and alligators — living in homes where LSD was consumed.” By the mid-1980s, the study says, as the popularity of LSD fell in favor of other drugs, the number of talking animals dropped to around 260,000 in the United States, and an estimated half of a million in the world. “Talking animals had become prey to non-native, non-communicative species, such as the cocaine rabbit and the PCP hawk,” Akeni said. “Also, talking animals often died off due to neglect. People stopped taking LSD, so they stopped talking to these animals.” Akemi says talking animals experienced a resurgence in the mid-1990s as LSD again become a popular drug, thanks to cultural factors like house music, raves and laser light shows. This resurgence was short-lived, however, and by the year 2000, most species of talking animals were on endangered lists. “It’s only gotten worse since then,” Akemi says. “According to our research, as few as 100 talking animals remain. Not coincidentally, drug experts say that no more 100 people in the US still take LSD. It’s just not something people do anymore.” The study concludes that if people continue finding leisure activities other than dropping LSD, talking animals could disappear from Earth forever. “If that happens, who will tell us when a flying spider has implanted eggs in our brains, causes our faces to melt?” Akemi said. “The neighbor’s goat? Our goldfish? By that point, it will be too late.”Belgian group hacks iPhone 5S fingerprint scanner by replicating actual iPhone user
The iPhone 5S fingerprint scanner had been advertised as a hip way to keep snoops out of your phone. (Photo courtesy of Randychiu / Wikimedia Commons) A group of Belgian hackers announced Friday they had bypassed the iPhone 5S fingerprint scanner by replicating an iPhone user. The Touch ID scanner had been heavily advertized as a hip new way to deter snoops and criminals, which is why the group, known as AAA (Association des Ados pour l’Anarchie), was inspired to hack it. While their accomplishment sounds like a magic feat, the members of AAA remain modest. “Replicating an iPhone user, or almost any Apple devotee for that matter, is not difficult,” said Christophe, a founding member of AAA. “You google ‘Apple fan’ or ‘obnoxious hipster,’ or some variation of those terms, and you have millions of photos. We copied one of a man who looked very typical. Thin, mustachioed, wearing a pretty flannel like a sissy urban lumberjack. We ran the image through a program that renders flat stereotypes into three dimensions, then sent that file to a 3D printer.” “Six hours later,” Christophe said, “voilà. There he was, telling us about a Breaking Bad meme he saw on reddit.” Noah, the iPhone user replicant, has proven useful for fooling the fingerprint scanner, but not much else. Members of AAA quickly sent photos of Noah, the world’s first iPhone user replicant, to several tech websites. AAA also uploaded a video to YouTube showing how they were able to use Noah’s fingers — freshly reddened from playing the ukulele — to get past the fingerprint scanner of an iPhone 5S. “Our next exciting challenge is to design an iPhone user from scratch,” Christophe said. “Someone who will not only be able to fool future iPhone fingerprint scanners, but who will be such a quintessential Apple devotee that he or she will be able to correctly divine passwords for every iMac, MacBook and iPad in the universe. This person will be linked to the Apple consciousness, the cooler-than-thou chi that passes through every soul who ever fell in love with an iPod.” “Ce sera difficile,” said another member of the group. “Not easy.” “We must ask ourselves an important question,” Christophe said. “‘Who is this Apple devotee so loyal that he’ll spend a whole night shivering in a line with hundreds of other fanatics just to be the first to buy an overpriced and barely-updated smartphone that is, for reasons he is unwilling to disclose, better than every other thing out there?’” While AAA is not certain what they will do with the replicant Noah, they say they might keep him around for amusement. They say it’s funny to watch him spend 30 minutes carefully messing up his hair, and they enjoy it when he shows ironic interest in Belgian pop music.  Genetically Modified ‘Self-Knitting’ Sheep Threaten Wool Industry
In 1996, the world’s first successfully cloned mammal, Dolly, a Finn Dorset sheep, was born.  Dolly died in 2003 at the age of 6. Since then, advancements in genetic engineering, controversial as they may be, have continued with astonishing results.Scottish scientists again made history with the recent announcement that Dabney, a ‘self-knitting’ sheep, was produced through advanced genetic engineering.  Dabney has been genetically altered to produce wool in patterned alignment.  When sheared, Dabney’s wool pleats itself into shapes that can be easily packaged and shipped straight from the farm to raw wool dispensaries or individual clients.  The wool can be knitted into patterns more quickly than non-genetically altered wool, with unskilled workers able to produce the same volume that more experienced wool gatherers have produced in the past.As a result, raw wool prices have begun to drop significantly, threatening the Scottish Woolen Trade.The raw wool movement has come to dominate the industry.  “It was the hipsters that created the demand,” said Trudy Fales, President of the International Wool Council.  “They’ve revolutionized the industry.  All those old sweaters, caps, and bags were more than just a fashion statement – they were a game-changer for the industry.”“Since there is only one Dabney,” said Fales, “prices are probably going to stay high, until another litter of genetically altered sheep is produced.”An anonymous source within the Scottish biotechnology firm that created Dabney said, “There’s only one. We’ve tried to produce more, but we’ve given them all we’ve got.”Time will tell if the global woollen industry will be able to maintain the dominance it has held since the 17th century.Google unveils new mascot named “Bob”
Sergey Brin introduces the new Google Plus mascot “Bob” at the Chicago New Social Media conference on Friday. After weeks of intense lobbying from fans, Google has announced it is adopting “Bob” as the new mascot for Google Plus, the company’s social networking platform. Bob, a friendly, funny stick figure, first appeared several years ago. It is believed he was created by a group of Google fans who had decided the company needed a mascot to replace the colorful but increasingly tiresome logo that has remained almost unchanged since the company’s founding in 1998. Earlier this month, the company merged Google Plus with the commenting system on YouTube, which Google bought in 2006. Fans leapt into action, showing their approval of the move by copying and pasting images of Bob all over YouTube. Some estimate that Bob has appeared in over 100 million video comments. “Above all else, Google aims to please its users and make their lives more enriching,” said Google cofounder Sergey Brin, who introduced Bob at a social media conference Friday. “Users were saying to us, ‘Look, we really love Google, but don’t you think it’s time for a little makeover?” “To our users we would like to say thank you,” Brin said. “Thank you for giving us Bob, a funny little man who represents the pared-down simplicity that Google fans have come to expect.” In addition to appearing on the Google Plus homepage, Bob will eventually become a graphic helper who will pop up whenever Google Plus detects a user is confused by the new YouTube commenting system. “He’s really cute,” said Christina Woods, a 14-year-old blogger who writes about social networking and fashion. “Look at him with his little arms.”Climatologists advise women to remove their shirts
The International Fraternity of Climate Scientists has again issued dire predictions for the stability of weather patterns, saying that because global temperatures will continue to rise, women must remove their tops now — before it’s too late. “As carbon emissions continue to wreak havoc on weather, women may find themselves getting warm, even feeling like they might faint,” said Dr. Frederic Geerts, president of the all-male climate science organization that was founded in Brussels in 1921 during a weekend of heavy drinking and inordinate barometric pressure readings. “We cannot wait any longer for the world’s ladies to disrobe.” The warnings come amid contradictory suggestions from Dr. Hamoud Alessa, a respected climatologist who leads a research team at Shaqra University in Saudi Arabia. Alessa confirms that global temperatures are rising, but he says that women everywhere should cover themselves, completely if possible, to avoid damage from the heat. “Women should not be taking off pieces of clothing,” Alessa said. “In fact, they must show less skin if we want to combat the deleterious effects of climate change on their virtue.” Geerts counters that women are getting all hot, and they want to take off their shirts anyway. Now is the time for them to unbutton their blouses — before their hands get all sweaty after temperatures climb, he says. “We cannot let the deniers and skeptics confuse us with pseudoscience,” Geerts said. “Women everywhere know it’s getting hot, and they’d feel a lot better letting the breeze cool them.” Alessa responded by saying: “I implore women everywhere to cover up, before my peer Dr. Geerts starts running around like a dog and humping everyone’s legs, as happened last time Belgium suffered from a heat wave.” Another all-male research team from the University of Sao Paulo in Brazil has offered yet a third suggestion, which is that some women should indeed remain covered, but others, particularly Patricia Guilhoto, a graduate student in the climatology department, should feel free to take off her shirt, as long as she does it slowly.Is that make sense?
Despite billions of dollars for public education, most people’s own thought processes are incapacitated, says the Nellie Mae Education Foundation, research by dozens of minds to educate. Researchers talking to 1200 adult subjects studied the entire batch, endless thoughts but errors made bad, sentences beginning with “and” and “but.” Conjunctions are opinion. Therefore, a single, random word for no apparent reason. Together. The questions for lunch, and answers, are: food, lunch, hat no. 6, entitled, without the ISA, six hours, war games, home. “I’m a simple Hun, and wonder, can I ask?” Coke. “Italian meatballs — ha, ha, thank you, ha ha ha,” the question for lunch. His thoughts never had a sense, unbeknownst as women thought of a problem. Back to the foreign-language horror —  “when drilling is a delirium” — to explain a concept like daycare centers. A 70-year-old man with three runs suffers mental discourse,  memory. The subject, predicate and object forget together. Most people think that is crazy, groans any series of words. Topics also non-stop spelling errors, according to the report presented. Writing “no” is not consistent, he said. That ” more ” and “next,” these researchers being hit by a bus every day know how to survive, especially complicated questions. “It’s shocking,” Dr. Hannah Orton, who led the study, said. “You transmit all year, at least grammar, to think about a position, so I read books and think, but no. Genre from the system, failure represents William Safire country, patchouli smells from the college den literacy programs.” “Volunteer centers should be ashamed.” Sentences, comma splices, and everyone else is miscast — just a sad mess of teachers have their own thoughts, and probably because of Orton, he is guilty . “War? Correct. Wow. Overland. Wow. Glad. Wow. Wow. Calls. Palms and sweat. Wow,” she said, early September.Rogue papermaker takes on 3-D printing
Don’t say that newer is better — at least not to Douglas Parrish. Douglas Parrish in his backyard workshop The 35-year-old resident of Augusta’s Westover neighborhood is on a one-man campaign to show the world that the ancient art of papermaking has a place in a modern world of Blu-ray, hybrid cars and smart phones. He is so sure of his cause that he quit his job as an English teacher to pursue his passion full time. Parrish, who until recently was a member of Augusta’s Paper Caper papermaking club, was expelled from the group because of what he calls his “rebellious, devil-may-care” approach the craft. “When you think of papermaking,” he said, “most people think of creating pulp, spreading it on a framed screen to dry and removing it, the flat result of which can be written or painted on. But we need to get rid of that limitation.” Parrish believes that the future is bright for papermakers like him who are willing to look outside the frame. He thinks papermakers can give 3-D printing a run for its money. “A lot of media attention was given to that guy in Texas who published instructions how to make a gun with a 3-D printer,” Parrish said in his garage workshop. “Well you know what? I constructed a gun, too, but out of paper. I sculpted it from a quick-drying pulp made from secret ingredients. And you know what? My gun actually worked on the first try.” The process Parrish showed how he intends to take on companies such as MakerBot and FlashForge, whose 3-D printers can cost thousands of dollars. And he intends on doing it for a fraction of the price. To demonstrate his craft, he put on a traditional papermaking smock (“for good luck, more than anything,” he explained) and created a pulp out of used newspaper inserts. He added a powder from a cereal box that he uses as a decoy in case of burglars. Although he wouldn’t divulge what was in the box, he said the ingredients were all legal “but difficult to obtain.” After just a few minutes of work, Parrish produced this volleyball As the pulp dried on a screen, he rolled it into a ball, letting it sit on a table for ten minutes before announcing  it was done. “Voilà,” he said. “And that’s how you make a volleyball.” The market for producing functional objects out of paper is limitless, he said. “From skateboards to desks. Even bottles, eventually. Goodbye, plastic.” When asked about computers, he said: “Well, we’ll leave microchips to others. But computer housing, sure, why not.” One thing is certain: if the path to the future is through 3-D printing, Douglas Parrish will be there to pave the way in paper.Hillary Clinton has ‘totally safe’ private internet
Clinton, seen here in 2013 writing code for her private internet (credit: Twitter) Insisting that confidential emails sent from her personal account were secure, former secretary of state Hillary Clinton has informed the public that she has a private internet at home. “During my tenure in the State Department, I did indeed use my personal account to send and receive tens of thousands of official emails, but this never posed a security risk because the account was set up on clintonemail.com,” she said, “which is run on my very own server, on my very own internet, which is totally safe.” “It would have taken every last state-sponsored Russian hacker a hundred years to break in, you see, because my private internet exists in a universe of its own, where I alone am fluent in the complex programming language, because I’m the one who created it, and I’m also the one who nearly broke her back laying down the thousands of miles of secret fiber optic cables.” “Plus, my password was 17 characters long, and it contained a mix of numbers and letters,” she added. “It alluded to a glib remark that Bill made on Bourbon Street during our trip to the Big Easy back in 1978. No one knows about that raunchy joke except us.” One reporter asked Clinton if it was indeed her who had sent world leaders emails from the account with ads for discount Viagra, profanity-laden criticism of the 1999 NATO bombing campaign, and misspelled references to Monica Lewinsky’s mouth. “Rest assured that my internet is safe, because I invented it,” she said. “I’m the only one who can break it.”James Watson to cast Nobel into a volcano
Expressing anger that the Nobel medal he had put up for auction was bought by a sympathetic billionaire who vowed to return it, James Watson said he will press on finding a creative way to get rid of it. “This is the thrid time I’ve sold that medal,” said Watson, who claims he has been ostracized from the scientific community after having made remarks in 2007 linking race to intelligence. “The first time, I sold it a pawn shop, and the second time was to this sketchy drug dealer I encountered in the street, and the last time I used Craigslist and was contacted by an eccentric fund manager.” “Each time, I think I’ve finally succeeded, but the buyer shows up at my door, gets all teary-eyed, and says something like, ‘Sir, I believe this belongs to you,’” he said. “I’m damn well fed up.” Watson, along with collaborator Francis Crick, was awarded a Nobel Prize in 1962 for his work in discovering the double helix structure of DNA. He was conferred with the iconic 23-carat gold medal, which fetched a staggering $4.75 million when it was purchased by anonymous bidder at Christie’s. The buyer turned out to be Russian tycoon Alisher Usmanov, who said he was distressed by Watson’s story. “I’m flattered by this Russian mafia boss’s gesture, but I don’t want the fucking medal anymore, in case it isn’t obvious,” Watson said. “When I get it back, I’m going to find the volcano in Mordor, and I’m going to hire a helicopter pilot to fly me over so I can throw the medal into the lava.” “But with my luck,” he added, “some potato-brained volcanologist will risk his life searching for the medal, and then it’ll end up in my hands again.”Your Blood Will Boil When You Read What’s Happening To This New Zealand Lake
Deep below the earth’s surface, someone is boiling water and pumping it into a protected lake in the beautiful Waimangu Rift Valley. The lake’s temperature is now so hot, in fact, that locals have nicknamed it Frying Pan Lake. “Why would anyone do this?” said Mary, a resident in a psychiatric hospital in the nearby city of Rotorua. “Is this about fish? Does this agent of evil hate fish?” “If so, why not throw a toaster into the lake to electrocute the poor creatures?” she said. “That would at least be more humane than boiling them alive.” Even worse is that someone is also pouring acid into the pristine natural water, resulting in a dangerous pH of 3.5 — even more acidic than urine, coffee and acid rain combined. So in addition to being inhospitable, the water in Frying Pan Lake is also undrinkable, even for rugged New Zealanders who are used to surviving off of beetle grubs and swagger. “Sick, sick, sick,” Mary said when asked if she had ever considered drinking a cocktail of boiling urine and coffee. While the lake was once referred to as one of the greatest natural wonders of New Zealand, the country’s tourism board has started advertising it as “the biggest steaming piss pot in the the southern hemisphere.” Authorities have not arrested anyone for the environmental attack, but they speculate more than one person is involved. Park ranger Shayne Ferris says that based on the time it takes to boil a single kettle of water, at least a thousand people must be involved in heating the six-meter-deep lake that has a surface area of 38,000 square meters. “Give or take,” he said. “Unless they have an industrial-sized vat, then we’re looking at a minimum of 10 people.” “Or maybe they’ve constructed a furnace under the lake, in which case, well, yeah, I guess it could be just one person,” he added.Most people opposed to being shot in face
A survey conducted by the Mariah K. Blair Center has demonstrated that most people are opposed to being shot in the face. Out of 1400 individuals questioned, only three responded favorably to the idea of “having a bullet exploded” through their faces. The remaining 1397 people said they were “strongly opposed” to the idea. “This explains a lot,” said Ian Keller, the sociologist who designed the survey. “From the fury about what happened in Ferguson, to the reluctance of parents to let their children watch torture porn, we can now say we know why.” Keller said his next survey will try to determine if women like having their feet stomped.Facebook will no longer require users to share meal photos
  Facebook is scrapping the long-standing rule mandating users to share photos of everything they cook, according to a company statement. “In the beginning, we thought it would be fun to force people to share photos of whatever pretty dinner item they had lovingly made,” said founder Mark Zuckerberg. “In fact, I played with the idea of calling the social networking site ‘Foodbook,’ since we really wanted the emphasis to be on cooking, but there were just too many o’s.” Seven years and 495 trillion photos of everything from pasta carbonara to braised ostrich in wine sauce later, Facebook users are finally free to keep their pearls of culinary inventiveness to themselves. Social media analysts says this will give people the opportunity to share things that are more interesting, anything from photos of themselves in a bar, to blurry images of a man singing on a stage.Facebook ‘Year in Review’ chronicles man’s crappy year
Facebook officials are apologizing for the social network’s “Year in Review” feature that is being blamed for the mental breakdown of a Florida man who claims he was traumatized after having to endure looking at a cutesy photographic collage of what he describes as “the worst year” of his life. Nathan Wood, a former supermarket manager from Lansing, Michigan, says he was not paying much attention when Facebook put an advertisement on his timeline for his “Year in Review.” After clicking on it, he fell back in horror upon seeing the last photo of him and his ex-wife. “There it was, like a stick in my one remaining eye: a summary of my entire miserable year, starting in January with the discovery of [ex-wife] Laura’s infidelity, right up to last week when doctors said they’d have to amputate my leg,” the 32-year-old said from his hospital bed. The Facebook review contained pastel-colored reminders of Wood’s divorce and subsequent retraining order, as well as his trial and short imprisonment after he tried but failed to set fire to his ex-wife’s boyfriend’s truck. The review also recounted the subsequent awful months, during which Wood lost his job and apartment, afterwards spending several months living in his car in Florida before he drunkenly crashed it into a tree, sending him to the hospital where he was put in a full body cast. After being presented with a medical bill for $100,000, Wood learned that he had lost an eye and that doctors wanted to amputate his shattered leg. “Shit,” Wood said. “Shitty McShit Shit.” A spokesperson for Facebook says the “Year in Review” feature uses an algorithm to select a user’s most important posts of the year, and she blames Wood’s unpleasant experience on the tendency of users to “like” posts that contain bad or tragic news. Company executives are said to be mulling over an option that would remove any post that might upset users, such as by automatically deleting any item containing phrases like “I’m so sad” and “R.I.P. my beloved dog.”Harvard Study Suggests Frequent Use Of Contact Lenses May Increase Cancer Risks
A recent medical science study conducted at prestigious Harvard University has revealed an alarming statistic. Those who wear contact lenses on a daily basis are fifteen-times more likely to develop various types of cancer.The study, led by Harvard professor, Dr. Carmine Altmann, uncovered the shocking statistic during a five-year research program which correlated the use of materials cancer victims come into contact with on a daily basis in relation to the severity of their disease. Dr. Altmann says that the study, which is currently in its fourth year, has discovered that one personal item tends to stick out like a sore thumb – contact lenses.“Unfortunately numbers do not lie. This is both a major cause for concern as well as a significant medical breakthrough,” Altmann said. “There are two types of contact lenses which the visually impaired use: soft contact lenses, which are made of soft, flexible plastics that allow oxygen to pass through to the cornea, and Rigid Gas Permeable contact lenses, which are made up of a more durable plastic and are resistant to deposit buildup, and generally give a clearer, crisper vision. It is my educated guess the culprit are the types of plastics used to manufacture the contact lenses.”For several years, scientists and environmentalist have found plastic materials, which are used for just about everything, to be very questionable in their relations to both human health and the environment.Environmental safety scientist Charles James Epperson says he is not surprised by the results which Altmann’s group discovered. “I’ve been saying for years that the human race relies too much on various types of plastics. Plastics disguise their toxicity very well and it takes years of exposure to find any kind of effect on the human body or environment. We need to focus more studies on alternative forms of durable, comfortable materials for product manufacturing.”The study, which has continued as the new year begins, has also begun looking into plastics that may cause cancer in other parts of the body, including cheap hairpieces that cause scalp cancer, certain sneakers which could cause foot cancer, and the possibility of plastic shopping bags leading to finger and hand cancers.Koalas still the most insane animals on the planet
Biologists at the University of York have announced that for the third year in a row, the Australian koala has been chosen as the world’s most insane animal. The selection is made each year by a committee of biology faculty who look at categories like delusions, paranoia, bizarre sexual thoughts, antisocial behavior and weird ticks. “It was a tight competition this year,” said Felix Nevski, a biologist from Belarus who specializes in tropical birds. “There were so many crazy species nominated, but koalas still take the cake. Man, those little creeps are really mental.” The decision was seen by many as an upset, as several other plumb-crazy species were on the short list. Most people expected the winner to be the bitatawa, a type of monitor lizard native to the Philippines that has been nominated every year since it was first identified in 2009. According to herpetologists who study them, bitatawa lizards do the most disturbing things with their tongues, often causing observers to want to run away and take a bath. But as in previous years, koalas were agreed to be so certifiably grade-A bonkers that the selection committee had no other choice. “Those little leather-nosed marsupials harbor the sickest thoughts imaginable,” Nevski said. “They hang out in their eucalyptus trees, perving on passersby and humping limbs, all the while coming up with perverted fantasies about rape and murder.” “It’s fortunate for us that koalas are relatively lazy,” Nevski added, “or they probably would have already slaughtered every Australian man, woman and child using crude instruments like screwdrivers. That’s the kind of twisted animal they are.”Archaeologists discover the world’s first asshole
The figure depicted in this mosaic, which dates to around 1300 B.C., is the asshole. Even long after his death, a cult of followers worshipped him and emulated his assholishness. ISTANBUL — German archaeologists in southern Turkey have made a groundbreaking discovery: they have uncovered evidence of the world’s first asshole. Katja Schultheiss, the archaeologist who leads the team, says the asshole was a Hittite soldier who lived around four thousand years ago. He grew tired of his peaceful agrarian community so he started to swagger around, womanize, pick on weak people and generally do things just to piss everyone off. “The artifacts suggest this guy was a real Arschloch,” Schultheiss says. “A grade-A asshole, the first in the whole world.” The team has been excavating the site since 2008, when a pistachio farmer uncovered a cuneiform-inscribed clay tablet. The farmer gave the tablet to scholars at Gaziantep University who dated the tablet to around the year 2000 B.C. As it turns out, the artifact is a list of women the asshole slept with, and there are close to 100 entries. This drawing of an Egyptian relief shows the asshole drinking and driving with his jerk friends while flipping off strangers, “He didn’t even know their names,” Schultheiss said. “Or if he did, he didn’t think they were important. Instead, he gave them degrading nicknames like ‘dopey wife of the blind shepherd,’ ‘the one who needed a bath,’ or ‘the farter.’ He also rated their love-making between one and 60 — 60 being the base of the Mesopotamian counting system. “None of the women scored above five,” Schultheiss said. “What an asshole.” The discovery of the tablet prompted the excavation, which has yielded invaluable artifacts, many of which seem to have either belonged to the asshole, or were objects of worship made by asshole’s cult of followers that existed for at least 1000 years after his death. Among the asshole’s items are bronze chariot rims, a pot to store animal fat used as hair grease, and several adorned rods that scholars believe were used to swat the butts of female slaves. This fragment of a clay tablet contains a limerick oft-repeated by the asshole. It begins, “There was a girl from Lukka / who was so bored she’d … “ Recently, Schultheiss and her team have unearthed a tomb they believe contains the asshole’s remains. The site is littered with bronze-age beer cans, misogynist limericks written on tablet fragments, and a rude caricature of a crippled slave boy. “These items might have belonged to the asshole himself, or to his followers who gathered once a year to honor him by getting drunk, making up vile lies about local virgins, and having belching contests.”Crafting is the best contraceptive, says Hobby Lobby
Taking up arts and crafts as a pastime is an effective means of preventing unwanted pregnancies, according to a representative for Hobby Lobby, the nation’s largest arts and crafts chain. “Not only is craft-making 100 percent effective as a contraceptive, it’s also better for your health and more natural than taking birth control pills,” said Megan Carnahan, spokesman for the retail giant that has 572 stores nationwide. “It’s also cheaper than using condoms, and it allows for more pleasure,” she added. Hobby Lobby is also promoting to its 21,000 employees the idea of using crafting as contraception. Carnahan cited a 2010 Journal of Sex and Reproduction study involving 10,000 couples between the ages of 25 and 40. The couples were separated into groups and asked to limit their use of contraceptives to either condoms, diaphragms, birth control pills, implants, intrauterine devices (IUDs) or participation in arts and crafts. After six months, the couples in the arts and crafts group were the only ones to report no pregnancies. “Clearly, using your precious free time to make decorative items with colorful pipe cleaners, funky buttons, glue and a little glitter carries more benefits than most people know,” Carnahan said. “We don’t fully understand why, but individuals who get into crafting suddenly stop having sex.”  NASA insisting space outposts will resemble gentlemen’s clubs
Fearful that the general lack of interest in the Journey to Mars program could foretell of eventual budget cuts, officials at NASA are reminding the public that future space stations will be like interplanetary gentlemen’s clubs. Male astronauts will be able to relax while sexy alien women with temperature-raising tentacles serve drinks and offer private lap dances, according to the space agency’s website. NASA communications director Gabrielle Wright says that many people assumed that the only women at the outposts would be crew members, who would be dressed in long underwear and standard-issue blue jumpsuits, and that these women would be more interested in doing systems checks and carrying out research than putting on tight, metallic-colored unitards and calling every man “captain” regardless of his position. “Those assumptions are plain wrong,” Wright said. “The truth is that all female crew members, including engineers, biologists and pilots, will be required every now and then to hop on the bar and seductively gyrate to music from a squat alien quartet playing otherworldly woodwind instruments, just like in the movies.”Sending annoyingly short responses ‘a sign of being very important’
Sociologists at the University of East Anglia have determined that friends who write confusing or annoying one-word responses to your lengthy messages do so because they are more important than you, and in many cases, they are busy with tasks like running marathons to raise money for a new homeless shelter, or in the very least, they are waiting for the latest episode of “True Detective” to finish downloading. “Quite often, self-centered individuals wonder why their friends respond with a mere one or two words to thoughtful and meaty messages,” said Dr. Ian Clark, who led a study on the subject. “These narcissists are unable to realize their friends are actually being extremely generous by taking a few seconds to send any message at all.” The study cites the case of a subject named “Katherine” who sent her good friend “Jasmine” a text message giving an update about her life, asking the latter how she was doing, and suggesting an evening when the two could meet for dinner or a drink. When Jasmine responded with the word “ok,” Katherine pressed her for clarification. Jasmine then wrote “gotta see,” which sent Katherine into a cat-kicking rage from which she never recovered. She was eventually institutionalized. As it turned out, the egotistical Katherine failed to grasp that Jasmine had joined an NGO in Liberia, where she was working 20 hours a day to save orphans from getting Ebola, and because Jasmine was abroad, the short text messages cost her hundreds of dollars in roaming fees — money that could have been used to save more innocent young lives. “In short,” Clark said, “people who send insanely short responses should be not be scolded, but should instead be applauded for so beneficently giving their selfish friends the lavish attention their stunted minds crave.” The study concludes that individuals who use WhatsApp, Facebook or even the old-fashioned method of email to send long messages about varied topics are the real assholes, because they put an undue burden on selfless heroes who shouldn’t be distracted from their frenzied attempts to solve any number of cases of missing children.Google to digitize and store users’ sexy dreams
A popular new Google app called “DreamTime” digitizes users’ sexy dreams and stores them in a database available to the public. The app’s creators say making sexy dreams public is a step toward overcoming the old-fashioned notion that whatever hot fantasies we create while we sleep belong to us. While sexy dreams have long been written down and published — the “Fifty Shades of Grey” trilogy is a notable example — until recently, most were hoarded in people’s minds. With DreamTime, users will now be able to share and compare their dreams about, say, a beautiful Portuguese hairdresser named Sandy who, in the middle of cutting your hair, says, “Would you like to see the tattoo of Betty Page on my chest?” Sources say Google will link DreamTime with facial recognition systems, so that Google users will be able to search for sexy dreams connected to particular people, or even composites of people. This will allow you to know who is having what sorts of nasty dreams about you. “The possibilities are endless” said Teresa Drummond, who leads the DreamTime project. “Imagine you’re having a recurring dream about a colleague from accounts, Darnell, in which he asks you to bring him a copy of an invoice, but when you get to his office, you’re suddenly at the lacrosse camp from when you were sixteen years old, and Darnell is the coach, but he’s there with his wife, who for some reason can’t walk. In the middle of a drill he takes off his shirt and asks you — in a weird David Beckham accent — to cook an egg on his back, which is some sort of test that the older girls have spoken about, but you’re really scared because you don’t know if you’re supposed to say ‘I only cook eggs at home’ or ‘are the eggs free-range?’ But it doesn’t matter, because his wife shows up and she’s in a wheelchair that’s got all these chrome pieces that look like spikes, and now you’re buried with just your head sticking up and she’s about to run you over. But then Darnell tells her their marriage isn’t legal, because he intentionally misspelled his name on the marriage certificate, so she miraculously stands up and says, ‘I have secrets, too,’ and she runs away, and apparently she’s got a double life as an Olympic sprinter. Then Darnell digs a big hole in the sand, because now you’re at the beach, and the the two of you fall into the hole and roll around like crabs about to mate.” “I mean, with DreamTime,” Drummond added, “if Darnell just Googles his name, he’ll see that although we’re not close to each other, we can rectify that.”Stoned rabbits ‘too lazy for sex’
Wildlife officials in Colorado are blaming the abundance of marijuana, which has been legal in the state since early 2014, for the drop in the state’s rabbit populations. Because marijuana is now often left out in the open, including on porches and in outdoor sheds, curious rabbits are cultivating a taste for it, says Eric Toquer of the state’s wildlife division. “Even jackrabbits, which are known to copulate as many as 50 times per day, are increasingly uninterested in mating, preferring instead to remain in dens while listening to rabbit music,” he said. “Park rangers are reporting being able to approach dozens of rabbits lying in an open field, too high to even get up, let alone screw each other.” However, the Association of Marijuana Vendors points to evidence that out-of-state rabbits, particularly from places where marijuana is harder to come by, are migrating en masse into Colorado and should provide suitable numbers to replenish native populations. “The other day I was talking to a farmer from Sterling who said that he’s being overrun by aggressive cottontails from Nebraska who are looking for pot to munch on,” said Shane Gibbons, the association’s president. “Apparently, they’re all over the place saying, ‘gimme, gimme, gimme.’” Still, some zoologists fear that if laws are not passed requiring people to store their marijuana in locked boxes, preferably indoors, by 2020 many of the state’s most iconic native animal populations will disappear completely. “Coyotes, elk, black bears, and also our beloved bighorn sheep could vanish,” said Sarah Costas, an animal addiction expert and author of “When Skunks Smoke Skunk.” “They’re all dabbling in this new pot thing, and they’re forgetting about what’s really important: reproduction and survival of the species.” “Even birds flying overhead are inhaling pot smoke, getting buzzed, and ignoring their instincts,” she said. “Just the other day, a bunch of stoned Canadian geese flew right into the side of a Fort Collins Whole Foods building, killing the whole damn flock.” While state legislators are expected to address the problem before the end of the current session, in the meantime Gov. John Hickenlooper has ordered wildlife officials to begin distributing lapine Viagra, and should that not work, then to post pornographic images of mating rabbits on trees and rocks in areas where the animals are known to congregate.Apple CEO appears naked for event
With bigger displays of 4.7 and 5.5 solid inches, the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus will fulfill even the most demanding consumers. In a move that surprised even other company executives, Apple CEO Tim Cook appeared naked at Tuesday’s event in Cupertino, California. “Nudity,” he said, tiptoeing across the Flint Center for the Performing Arts stage to lukewarm applause. “We’re born clothesless, yet the world tells us we must cover ourselves, but why? Why should we be ashamed of our skin, that incredible, protective organ that nature has literally bestowed upon us?” “Some of us take selfies in the buff, and sometimes we ask others to snap those photos for us, because we’re very much at ease with the way we look,” Cook said. “And hey, that’s okay. And there’s no reason why iCloud shouldn’t continue being your preferred cloud storage service.” He went on to introduce the company’s newest innovation, the Apple Watch, a smartwatch to be worn around the wrist — that can only be a huge success, given the relentless need to know the time. Cook also excitedly reviewed the company’s two new smartphones, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which, at 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches, are significantly bigger than earlier models that had been disappointing consumers due to their small size.Apple offering free weapon to scare away Bono
Police departments in cities all across the country are being overwhelmed by calls about the Irish rock legend showing up uninvited in homes. Admitting it was a mistake to let Bono into the homes of 500 million iTunes users, Apple says it is giving customers a small wooden club that can be used to scare away the U2 frontman. “In all honesty, we thought people would like having the biggest music legend of all time creep up from behind their sofas to perform songs from the hot new album ‘Songs of Innocence,’” said Apple CEO Tim Cook. “Who doesn’t love U2’s mind-blowing rock, and Bono’s brash showmanship and hip, politically-charged lyrics.” “He perfectly matches the ethos here at Apple, where we have a take-no-prisoners approach to creating innovative products that please everyone.” The decision to send the 18-inch club to any iTunes users who requests one was a swift response to the flood of complaints from consumers who were startled in the middle of the night to find Bono picking through leftover food, or sitting on their toilets reading the latest issue of “Field & Stream.” One woman from Indiana nearly killed Bono when she fired a .357 Magnum at the singer after discovering him using her basement computer. Even as he ran out the door, she says, Bono kept insisting his sudden appearance in her home was perfectly legal. “He was trying to dash off though my backyard, but because I’d grazed his leg, he was limping pretty badly,” said the victim, who asked not to be named. “And he had this really sad, hurt expression as he turned to me and shouted, ‘It’s in the Apple user agreement, I swear!’” “I’m going to see if I can sell the wooden fence slats on eBay,” she added. “They’re covered in his blood.” Apple is reassuring all iTunes customers that in the future, the company will ask permission before sending Bono or any other musician in their homes. “We really respect our the privacy of our customers, and we’re confident that by waving the free plastic billy club at Bono and saying something like ‘get out, now,’ he’ll apologize and promptly make an exit,” Cook said. “He’s not a threat. He’s not dangerous. He wanted to share his music, that’s all.”Americans remain stubbornly uptight about sexual relations with hot robots
In spite of increasingly casual attitudes about sex, a recent survey shows that most Americans remain prudishly opposed to the idea of intimacy with sexy life-sized robots. The Center for Technological Progress stated in its findings that while 87 percent of respondents found “nothing particularly weird” about movies in which a human makes love to a robot, only 23 percent said they would have intercourse with a robot in real life. 12 percent of respondents said they have already experienced physical love with a robot, but only half of those said it lived up to their expectations. Of those who enjoyed sex with a robot, most said it was because the robots had been programmed to switch themselves off after the encounter, avoiding any post-coital awkwardness about having just had sex with an inanimate machine.Blackberry CEO Says Android ‘Not a Serious Threat’
The CEO of smartphone pioneer Blackberry said today that rival platform Android is a "temporary fad" and "not a serious threat" to Blackberry's business. In an interview with Canada's Globe and Mail, Thorsten Heins claimed that Google's dominant mobile OS is "clearly in a bubble" and its market share will sink to "close to zero" within five years. "I just don't know what all the fuss is about," Heins said when asked about Android. "Sure, they have lots of users and a huge app market. But the quality of those users is pretty low. "Your typical Blackberry buyer is a high-powered corporate executive with a nice car, a classy toupée and plenty of disposable income. "Meanwhile, your average Android user is some teenage kid who's hopped up on dope and can't afford an iPhone. When your business model relies on such marginal consumers, you're in trouble." Once the dominant player in smartphones, Blackberry has seen its market share erode in recent years as Apple's iPhone and Google's Android operating system have used multi-touch interfaces and large app stores to dominate the space. The company has undergone significant financial turmoil, and has seen the departure of its two founders. Despite these challenges, Heins remains super optimistic about its chances versus the world's most popular mobile OS. "I just don't see them as a serious threat.," he continues, "Sure people love Android now, but its just like Palm Pilots in the 90s, or netbooks in the 2000s - nothing but a temporary fad. "They started out well. Their first phones were really great.  But Google's  failed to innovate and keep up with the latest technology - and now their products are old and stale." Asked why Android continued to sell, Heins said it was only a matter of time before its success in the marketplace will falter. "Android's clearly in a bubble," he argued, "and once people realize how superior the new Blackberry platform is, its market share will drop down to something close to zero. "There's no doubt in my mind that Android's will go the way of Symbian or Web O/S. And like Nokia and Palm before it, Google's gonna be in a world of  trouble when the party ends." A former Siemens executive, Heins was promoted to CEO in January 2012 with the mission of restoring the embattled company's former glory. He recently said that tablet devices such as Apple's iPad and Google's Nexus 7 were "just a fad."Real-World Hackers Discredit Technology Used In Watch Dogs Video Game
Hackers around the World have been rampantly posting online about their opinions on the new Ubisoft video game “Watch Dogs,” which was released last week.  The video game is based around a fictional hacker who wanders the streets of Chicago using his cell phone to control nearly any electronic device he wishes, which he uses to gain information and help avoid cyber-terrorists.“As a hacker, it makes me feel really lame – I could point my phone at a person, and it won’t just hack their bank account.  It’s completely absurd that this guy can do this stuff with such ease.” Said a self-proclaimed hacker who goes by the online name Lord Nikon. “The game makes it look too easy. He just scans people with his cell phone, takes their cash or their music, unlocks a car, and drives like an asshole through the city. I can’t do any of that at all. Watchdogs is totally unrealistic.”Throughout the years, the art of hacking has been portrayed throughout movies, television, and now video games as some sort of exciting, other-worldly experience, where the hacker is always a half-step ahead of the law or other hackers, and spends their nights staring at a computer screen filled with gorgeous graphics. As hacker Cereal Killer points out to us, that isn’t generally the case.“You know, I don’t see the big deal with this guy in the game.” Said Killer. “Even if I could just take a stroll and steal peoples stuff, walking just takes too much outta me, ya know? I like doing this stuff because I can sit here in my room, eating Bagel Bites, downloading music illegally and watching anime porn. That’s the true life of a hacker. Well, at least it’s my true life. I can’t really speak for everyone.”Real-life hackers tend to experience extreme amounts of boredom brought on by so much waiting around, so bringing the technology developed for the fictional story in Watchdogs to life would be a silver lining for the hoards of anonymous hackers throughout the world.“If these people could walk around while hacking the computers around them, it would greatly decrease their risks of collapse due to ennui.” Says Dr. Emmanuel Goldstein of the Chicago Memorial Hospital, cardiology division. “This concept would be the best thing to happen to cyber-crime since the invention of wireless internet!”As technology expands, the hackers that we spoke with had mixed feelings about how great it would be to be able to commit hack the people around them like a character in a video game.“I prefer to just relax, enjoy a Jolt cola, and watch reruns of The Outer Limits with my girlfriend AcidBurn.” Said a hacker whose online alias is ZeroCool. “I just can’t imagine why I’d want to run all over the city and get all sweaty. Hacking is an intelligent man’s game, a real-world thrill posed in an unreal world. I’ll keep playing the game, but I would never buy into that sort of technology.”Reports of cosmic creaking as Apple juggernaut tilts back toward obsolescence
Those who reside near Apple’s headquarters in Cupertino say the “cosmic creaking” signals the beginning of the end of the technology giant CUPERTINO, Calif. — Witnesses who reside near Apple’s headquarters in this quiet California city have reported hearing tremendously loud creaking noises for the past few days, with one witness saying it seemed as if “the universe itself had gotten too big and was about to break in two.” The sounds, which first occurred just after Friday’s release of the iPhone 5, have been accompanied by reports of small black tornadoes forming in otherwise blue skies. Fred Nesbaum, a resident of nearby San Jose who worked for Apple for a decade before starting his own tech company, said he and others in the area foresee “a period of immense darkness” that will last for 1000 years. “Babies dying, mothers crying, monkeys flying,” he added in a low voice. “The end is nigh.”Mars trip organizers just want astronauts who ‘won’t eat each other’
Saying that they originally planned on being extremely selective about who gets to make the permanent move to Mars in 2025, Mars One organizers admit that they are now simply looking for people who won’t go berserk. Saskia Figueroa, who leads the selection committee, says that while it would be great to find young, highly competent scientists in peak physical shape, and who possess an inborn sense of adventure and determination, organizers are just interested in recruiting individuals who won’t murder the other crew members during the seven months it takes to get to the planet, nor during the subsequent 50 years they will spend on Mars living in cramped quarters with no natural air, and with little to do apart from counting rocks and developing crippling jealousies. “If you think about it, having a PhD in astronomy or being able to fix radio equipment won’t matter, not for the epic ordeal we’re asking people to put themselves through,” Figueroa said. “We’re just want people who won’t end up eating each other.” So far, Figueroa and her team have narrowed the applicant pool from 200,000 to just 100, based on personal statements in which the applicants stated that they are unlikely to chop up and devour fellow humans — behavior that Mars One founder Bas Lansdorp worries could scare away sponsors, vital for a project with costs that could run into the hundreds of billions of dollars.  But is it really hard to find suitable candidates who will remain coolheaded and uncombative for the next few decades? “You’d be amazed how many people are capable of losing their grip on reality — for no good reason other than they’re marooned for the rest of their lives in a poisonous desert 140 million miles from their friends and family,” Figueroa said. “But the 100 candidates we’re eyeing have minds like solid fucking granite, and I can guarantee you none of them would ever pull a Jack Torrance and start running around the outpost with a hatchet, chasing fellow inhabitants and shouting mumbo jumbo about ghosts.” In the last phase of the selection process, finalists will complete a lengthy questionnaire giving further insight into their psyches, and it will also offer a clear indication if they are the type of person to go full-blown bonkers on Mars, where mental health resources are scarce. After the final 24 candidates are chosen and commit to the project, Mars One organizers will send them to live alone for ten years in an Antarctic research station — just to see what happens before the organizers start “blowing the real money,” said Figueroa.Researcher gets 20 hipsters to give each other oral herpes
In what is being hailed as an ingenious science experiment, a researcher from the Center for Disease Control asked 20 strangers to give each other oral herpes in front of a camera. Dr. Tatia Pilieva, a specialist in virology and microbiology, wanted to know how willing randomly-paired, attractive people would be to pass each other viruses — if someone with a camera ordered them to do so. “I gave a short presentation about diseases that are spread by kissing,” Pilieva said. “Then everyone drew a slip of paper to get their partner, which was interesting because a gay gentleman got matched with a woman, and a straight fellow ended with a gay man.” “I turned on the camera and I was like, okay, kiss each other,” Pilieva said. When the participants hesitated, she changed her tone. “I barked, ‘Swap your spit, people,’” she said. Within seconds, all of the participants were passionately infecting each other, proving Pilieva’s hypothesis that people are willing to share viruses like herpes simplex and Epstein-Barr as long as an authority figure gives the order. Another important discovery Pilieva has made is that hipsters are no more free-thinking than others, and if anything, they are more willing to conform to the actions of their thin, fashionable peers. “I thought at least one person would protest,” Pilieva said. “No wonder diseases are breaking out all over the place.” The experiment was so successful, Pilieva said, that she is already planning another in which she teaches 20 strangers about salmonella — and then orders them to eat raw, undoubtedly rotten chicken. Watch the science experiment below:Congress to reject NASA’s plan to bring Jupiter’s moon Europa to Earth
In what may be the death knell for NASA’s project to bring a distant moon closer to Earth, members of Congress are showing signs they won’t approve funding for what they call “a costly and complex” distraction from the more pressing issues of a stagnant economy and joblessness. The project calls for shooting into space a giant stainless-steel harpoon attached to 600 million kilometers of braided carbon nanotubes. The harpoon itself would be 1500 meters long, about twice the height of Burj Khalifa, currently the tallest building in the world. Assuming the harpoon was aimed well, it would take around six years to arrive at Europa — the smallest of Jupiter’s four moons — where it would plunge through the icy surface and embed itself. Europa would then be pulled toward the earth with an enormous winch constructed near Cape Canaveral in Florida. Once Europa reached Earth’s orbit, astronauts would travel to the harpoon’s impact site and remove it using standard welding tools. Europa would then be a permanent fixture in our orbit, allowing scientists to make frequent visits — which could be very interesting, as it might contain life near undersea vents, according to some scientists. One of NASA’s ads to win over the public’s support for the project to bring the moon Europa into Earth’s orbit. Critics say ads like these are “relics of a long-gone period” when people used to occasionally look up from their smart phones and tablets into the night sky. The first sign of congressional opposition came when members of the Subcommittee on Science and Space demanded to know why six years were needed for the harpoon to reach Europa. They noted that the New Horizons spacecraft, launched in 2006, passed Jupiter after only 13 months. “New Horizons was free of tubing and harnesses, which meant it could use a Hohmann transfer orbit, thereby speeding up its journey,” said Patricia Brown, head engineer of the project. “This uses a planet’s gravitational pull to slingshot a spacecraft, in effect, on a predetermined path.” Brown said this would not be possible with the giant harpoon because the carbon nanotubes could get tangled, effectively turning Earth into a giant yo-yo. “We would get very dizzy,” she said, “and this would lead to the Earth’s inhabitants stumbling around and saying ‘whoa whoa whoa.’” Florida Senator Bill Nelson, chairman of the subcommittee, was unconvinced by Brown’s explanation. “Can’t you come up with some sort of spring-loaded spooling device for the tubing, so that we could use this ‘slingshot theory’ and make the voyage shorter and cheaper?” he said. “Like a reel. I mean, I have one on my fishing rod. And my vacuum cleaner. Aren’t you guys supposed to the best and the brightest?” A decision on whether to approve funding for the project is expected next week. Most observers say there is little chance the senators will agree, due to the growing budget deficit and criticism that the space agency has failed to explain to the public why it would be “so effing cool” to have two moons. NASA — an agency used to getting a quick sign-off from Congress in funding matters — might have to find another way to study Europa, such as reverting to an alternative plan. One of these is to send ten lucky reality-show contestants to the distant moon to take photographs and analyze surface samples, as well as have on-camera trysts and scripted arguments about who gets to sleep in which pod. NASA officials are said to be considering Seattle’s Space Needle as a viable alternative to an expensive 1500-meter harpoon. Officials in the space program are said to be considering other, more cost-effective options that might win over reluctant senators. One of these suggests replacing the expensive harpoon with Seattle’s Space Needle, which would work “almost as well.” Another option would be to build thousands of little rockets that could be sent to Europa in a mother ship. These rockets would fix themselves to one side of Europa before igniting and pushing the moon — which is a little smaller than Earth’s moon — out of its orbit, sending it on a course toward Earth, where it would eventually be caught in a huge carbon nanofiber object designed to look like an apple basket. In order to avoid adding billions of dollars to the budget for millions of additional miles of nanotubes, the harpoon would be launched so that it would reach Europa in September of 2022, the next time Jupiter will be relatively close to Earth, around 375 million miles away. California Senator Barbara Boxer, another member of the subcommittee, worries that by 2022, the technology to bring Europa close to earth will be obsolete. There might be newer, cheaper ways to study the solar system, she said. “Who knows?” she said. “By that time, we might very well be able to teleport ourselves to other galaxies, even, just by the power of positive thinking. Or maybe we’ll even be able to recreate our very own Europa with a large 3D printer. 2022 is an awfully long time away.”Six months on, Google Glass testers wish they could be removed
Many test subjects who had the glasses implanted in their skulls complain of headaches, partial blindness and injuries due to falling down or running into furniture. Photo by Ted Eytan When Christopher Sontag was chosen to take part in the Google Glass Explorer Program, he felt like he had won the lottery. The 42-year-old web developer and self-described “techno-junkie” had been reading about the development of the wearable computer for months. His excitement was unlike anything he’d felt — at least since the release of the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1985. Earlier this year, Sontag flew out to San Francisco to attend a release event and have Google Glass implanted into his skull. He said he felt his first pang of regret when he tried to sleep that night, but couldn’t. Although they are light, the glasses just weren’t very comfortable. From then on, things just got worse. “It’s no fun having this on my face all the time,” Sontag said. “The frames got bent when I took a spill on my bike. So they’ve been rubbing against my temples, causing them to bleed. And I think the muscle in my right eye has been damaged by always looking off to the side.” Even worse than the physical discomfort, he says, is the social stigma. Coworkers whom he used to consider friends are now running away when he approaches. Several people have even called him a “glasshole” to his face. He fears he will be fired because his boss insists on only communicating with him via email, a practice that annoys both of them. “My friends and family don’t want me around anymore either,” he said. “They always think I’m recording them, or that I’m not paying attention when they speak. But how am I supposed to listen to my brother talk about his job interview when I have a Google ad flashing in my peripheral vision? I wish I could just take the dumb glasses off.” Julie Breton, a medical student from Houston, has a similar story. At first she was excited about being selected to try Google Glass, but her enthusiasm waned a few days after the implantation. She claims that although the glasses are designed to be silent, she can hear an almost-imperceptible clicking, maybe caused by the tiny gyroscopes embedded in the temple piece. The sound became so unbearable that she took a year off of medical school and has started taking anti-anxiety medication. “I’ve had a terrible headache since around June,” Breton said. “I think it’s Bluetooth. I feel like I have a tumor. I’d like to get a scan, but I’ll have to wait till the end of the trial period or the glasses can get damaged. And man, always having that damn display near the corner of your eye is nightmarish.” “I keep bumping into walls,” she added. Laura Sanchez, spokesperson for the Glass Explorer Program, said the test subjects will need to continue wearing the prototypes for another six months, so that sufficient data may be collected about the subjects’ preferences and the item’s ease of use. She noted that a team of psychologists have been studying the effects on the mind of wearing Google Glass in order to see if people can maintain psychological integrity or if they will go “bonkers,” which would mean Google would have to redesign the product and devise another phase of testing.    iPhone App ‘Guber’ Combines Ride-Sharing, Hook-Up Services For Gay Men
Every day, tech companies and hungry entrepreneurs are launching new smartphone apps that promise more effective ways to manage your daily tasks.  The app marketplace is so over-saturated that very few new ones receive media attention.An exception to this rule is a new app called Guber (pronounced goober), that is currently available for iOS. Guber was created by millionaire entrepreneur Albert E. Fletcher, who is a self-acclaimed ‘social observationalist’ that claims he has had a ‘strong grasp on what the people really need, since 1945.’Fletcher explains the app as a hybrid between Uber, a popular ride-sharing app, and Grinder, a popular ‘hook-up’ app available on most smartphones.“This new app is designed to make it possible for homosexuals everywhere to knock out 2 birds with 1 gay stone, so to speak,” said Fletcher. Similar to Uber, Fletchers app will connect gay men that are in need of a ride with other gay men that are using their personal vehicles as a taxi cab. The big difference is that with Guber, the driver will be required to give his passenger a handjob.According to Fletcher, the business model is a win/win for everyone involved. “Gay males are overly sexual creatures by nature; not only will Guber allow the gays to get from points A to B,  it will also allow them to release their sexual energy at a fraction of the price of an upscale bathhouse. It’s also a win for the straight population, as it will certainly curb some of the rampant PDGA, or ‘Public Displays of Gay Affection.’”“Our app gives gay men the chance to earn extra money on their own time and, of course, do what they do best,” Fletcher assured users. “Er, not that I would know they do it best, it’s just what I’ve heard. Anyway, the safety of the drivers and of the passengers is Guber’s number one priority. We NEVER require anyone to do anything they are uncomfortable with. They can participate in more intimate sex acts for a larger tip if they wish, however they are never required to do anything other than the standard ol’ fashioned we offer with every ride.”Though Fletcher himself identifies as straight, he claims to have a deep understanding and connection to the gay community. “I even has a gay nephew that I occasionally will see at family functions,” said Fletcher.The homosexual community as a whole is naturally upset by the app, and is calling Guber and its creator ignorant, offensive, and extremely exploitive. So far, the app is only available for the San Francisco area, and has a total of 3 users. Plans to expand the app to a more nationwide audience are pending.#TheDress: Neuroscientists Say People Who See White, Gold Have Mental Deficiencies
In a follow-up study after last week’s #TheDress controversy, neuroscientists have confirmed that people who saw white and gold, as opposed to the dress’s true colors of black and blue, have important mental deficiencies. The reason that these individuals – about 26% of those surveyed – see the wrong colors, is that their brains are not adaptable enough to note subtle changes in a photograph’s hemispheric hue.“This goes a long way to explaining the huge deficit between sectors of the world’s functioning population,” said head researcher, Dr. Larry Thoreaux. “Those we term ‘team white-and-gold’ are not intellectually crippled in such a way as to be clinically retarded or unable to carry out everyday tasks. However, they can be routinely expected to perform poorly in arguments, have only minimal career success, and be severely irritating by remaining stubborn in believing delusional realities.”The discoveries have resulted in debates about #TheDress once again breaking out in full force, with team white-and-gold especially vehement.“Scientists are holding our society for ransom!” shouted one deluded fool.“They’re as wrong about this as they are about that dress being blue and white!” boomed another, confusingly.“Never believe what you read!” was a third’s insistence, at which point we stopped listening to their ramblings.Members of team blue-and-black – the correct, well-adapted majority – were circumspect and straightforward in response.“We’ve seen the actual dress, in person, and it is blue and black,” said a non-mentally deficient individual. “Those who do not accept that reality are deluded, and we pity them. Science is pointing us towards technological and biological development and must not be underestimated, even if these poor fools are mentally unable to accept the truth.”At time of press, our offices have erupted into fearsome fighting, with mentally deficient colleagues screaming irrational sentiments and flinging chairs around at their smarter (and coincidentally better looking) co-workers.Scientific Study Confirms Weight Loss Via ‘Digestive Meditation’
With obesity on the rise and absurd diets swarming the market like wildfire, health and wellness specialist Dr. Mark Wildstein and neurologist Dr. Shawn Plutchetzky, conducted a study to see if the brain was powerful enough to control weight loss and weight distribution merely by concentration and will-power. The results of the test, released in the Boston Medical Journal on July 30th, were astounding“The brain is the most complex organ in the human body. It controls sight, smell, taste, hearing, and physical movement,” said Wildstein. “It gives us the power to imagine, to think, and to act. Everyone thought what we were doing was a joke. We firmly believe in the power of the mind, and now we have a study that shows just how right we are.”The study was conducted over the course of six months with two separate groups of 30 subjects. The first group consisted of females, between 130-133 lbs. Half of the women were in a controlled environment where they slept 8 hours per day, exercised equally at zero to low intensity, and were fed 3 times per day. The other half of the group was not in a controlled environment, and asked to maintain their regular eating, sleeping, and exercise habits. For some participants this constituted zero physical activity, as they were asked to continue life as normal. The second study of 3o subjects was conducted in the same manner, but with male participants between 170-173 lbs. “We did our research and carefully chose 60 subjects to take part in our study. Our goal was to achieve a group of individuals that was near identical, in terms of eating and exercise habits, sleep patterns, and so forth. We had to eliminate all variables possible.”The subjects were educated on how the brain and body function prior to the study. Each subject was directed to participate in ‘digestive meditation’ by lying down after each meal to think about the food they just ate, and visualizing how their body was digesting it. Wildstein and Plutchetzky believe that by reliving each bite in the imagination and thinking about how the food is being broken down inside the body, it allows the brain to control where it stores fat and nutrients, if at all. The subjects focused  all of their energy on where they’d like the fat from each particular meal to gather on their bodies, or if they wanted it to at all. Most participants, they said, chose to just “flush the fat” from their bodies.“I lost weight in my mid-section and I gained a cup size!” said Kim Sherbert, who was amazed at what happened to her body over the course of the study. “My husband and I are unbelievably happy. And I can’t wait to show off my new body at the beach. Just in time for the end of summer! I just couldn’t believe it was as easy as it was.”“I’m Brazilian, but I always had a tiny butt, and I was very self-conscious of it,” said Bianca Souza, another test subject. “Throughout the study, I noticed my butt was beginning to fill out and become more round. My waist stayed tiny. I’m just in complete awe. The hardest part was not falling asleep during the digestive meditation. But I worked really hard at thinking about it, and I’m proof that applying yourself pays off! I’m so thankful to them!”According to Wildstein, all but two of the subjects achieved their desired body goals.“The study was a major success, and overall seems to prove the Doctor’s dietary motto of ‘If you think it, you can achieve it,’” said Wildstein. “We are extremely pleased with how everything turned out, and I think our subjects are, too!”“We wanted to prove the brain could control weight loss, and distribution, without any physical or dietary influence,” says Plutchetzky. “I believe, without a doubt, that we accomplished this.”NASA’s Hubble Telescope Discovers Signs of Life In Extremely Distant Galaxy
Officials at NASA headquarters in Washington, D.C, have confirmed that the powerful Hubble telescope has found what experts believe to be conclusive evidence of life within a distant galaxy which was discovered last month.NASA spokesperson Carl Wright said that the new findings are a major breakthrough for not only NASA, but for the entire world. “What we have found, with the proof we have discovered, this is possibly the biggest, most important finding in NASA history,” Wright told the Associated Press. “This absolutely puts to rest any doubt that life exists outside of our own galaxy.”Peering through the giant cosmic magnifying glass, the Hubble Space Telescope spotted the galaxy last month. It is said to be the furthest galaxy ever seen, at more than 65 billion light years away. The galaxy, known as X12-P45, was detected by the Frontier Fields program, an ambitious three-year study that teams Hubble with NASA’s other observatories, the Spitzer Space Telescope and the powerful Chandra X-ray Observatory. These powerful lenses allow astronomers to find distant, dim structures that until now have been too faint to see.Wright went on to explain in the briefing that the forms of life discovered seem to be those of intelligence. “We aren’t just talking about a few plants or trees of some kind, we are talking about intelligent life forms which have built structures, civilizations, buildings. These structures were built by something, which only leads us to believe they are aliens of some kind, maybe even very human-like beings. It remains to be seen, but this is huge progress for the entire world to find something of such important significance,” Wright stated.When asked if NASA expects the findings of alleged intelligent life form to panic people on the planet Earth, Wright chuckled, and assured that there is no impending source of danger. “We clearly are the aggressors here, the people of the world have nothing to fear. We can’t do anything without being violent and forceful, so if we know they are there before they know we are here, then all is well. The further ahead we get in science, the bigger the advantage we have. If these turn out to be hostile alien life forms, we will take the bull by the horns. Never under-estimate the power of mankind.” he said.Private companies, including McDonald’s and Starbucks, say they are willing to fund an expedition to explore the new galaxy and planet, in exchange for being the first Earth establishments allowed to build there. .‘Memory Foam’ Inventor Diagnosed With Alzheimer’s Disease
Professor Gerald Harding, NASA scientist best known as “The Grandfather of Memory Foam,” has been diagnosed with Alzheimer’s disease.“Professor Harding is the world’s foremost authority on synthetic materials and their application,” said Gerald Harding, Jr., son of the inventor.  “His NASA research in the 1970s improved the lives of many, so it is with sadness that we report to you the current condition of his health.”The announcement was made so that focus would not be lost on the illness.Although the foam is currently associated with furniture and mattresses, it was originally developed by Professor Harding to improve cushioning for pilots and astronauts during long-duration flights and missions, and to protect test pilots and aviators from injury.Professor Harding began exhibiting signs of memory loss and general dementia some time ago.  Gerald, Jr. spoke of his father’s illness.“He’d go into the kitchen and forget why.  We all do that occasionally, but it got worse as time went on.  He’d come back into the living room, sit down and ask ‘Is this a new chair?  It’s so comfortable!’”Gerald, Jr. would explain that the professor himself invented the very foam that made the chair so pleasant.“Sometimes he’d remember, sometimes he wouldn’t.  The chair remembered him more than he remembered the chair.”“You know,” said Gerald, Jr. “the disease has mellowed him out.  He’s enjoying things now that he never had time to enjoy before”A tribute dinner is planned.Alien Life-Form Discovered In Pennsylvania
Over the weekend of June 7th, an interesting discovery was made by Pittsburgh native Devon Shaffer, 28. Mr. Shaffer was emptying out the trash during his shift at the Pasta Too Restaurant in North Side Pittsburgh when he found something in the leftover pierogi grease that has put the scientific community on its head.“Well, it was ‘round ’bout 8 o’clock, and I was taking the trash out for Jimmy on account of his bum knee. I tossed the bag up in da dumpster and awnest ta God I ’bout crapped myself when I seen it. There was like one of dem coral things like what you find over at Myrtle Beach or something, just layin’ there in some of dat old pierogi oil!”Excited over the oddity, Devon took the object into the restaurant to share with his co-workers.“I was like, yuz guys ain’t gonna believe this. Jimmy took one look at it an’ was all ‘You need ta take that ova to Marty at the aquarium!’ so I did.”Shaffer took his discover to Dr. Martin Steinbeck at the PPG Aquarium in Pittsburgh. Over the course of the weekend, Dr. Steinbeck ran tests on the specimen to figure out what the object was, and hopefully discover its mystery.“This is not a piece of coral, at least not as we know it.” Said Dr. Steinbeck. “Regular, everyday coral exists in the ocean as a living organism, it’s this hard coral that we see most often. They have a ‘skeleton’ or shell made out of calcium carbonate, and some softer corals don’t form a skeleton at all. The piece that Mr. Shaffer brought me looks very much like a regular hard coral, but there is an absence of that calcium carbonate in its make-up. After running tests on it, I discovered that his specimen was building its skeleton out of the peanut oil used to fry the perogies at Pasta Too. This means that not only is this a new species, but the fact that it can react with proteins in oil this means that its DNA is fundamentally different, alien from anything we’ve ever encountered on Earth.”The news has created a stir in the scientific communtiy, with several labs requesting samples of the specimen from both Dr. Steinbeck and Mr. Shaffer for further analysis.  Steinbeck has said he no longer has the specimen in his possession, as when news broke of the discovery government officials took ownership and brought it in for their own research.First Reported Death By Personal Drone As Woman Killed In Arizona
Arizona woman Danielle Persephone has been pronounced dead after being struck by a personal drone, in the first incident of its kind. The drone had been procured to gratuitously film scenes of thirty-something year old mothers drinking tea and eating cocktail sandwiches at a birthday party for one of four year old children.Paramedics arrived promptly, but were not able to resuscitate the mother of two, and pronounced her dead on the scene.“We’ve been expecting something of it’s kind for years now,” said ambulance driver Ray Harrington. “Drones on private properties, controlled by inept dads trying to impress their jaded families, have always promised disaster. Remember that hilarious video of that groom being hit in the face at his wedding? That had me laughing for days.”A close friend of the deceased released a statement lamenting the loss. “Danielle will be missed by her two sons – or are they daughters? – as well as her husband, or wife, or ex, or whoever it was she used to bring to these things. I am sure I speak for every one of her friends in saying that this is a tragedy we will gossip about for many years to come.”The incident will reignite debate on the safety of utilizing technology created for the purpose of bringing death to the enemies of the free world.“Drones are indicative of Obama’s presidency,” said Republican senator, Dick Howard. “Now they’re a threat to innocent American citizens. I’m a big advocate of the 2nd amendment, but this is going too far.”‘Ice Bucket Challenge’ Becomes Banned In Missouri; You Won’t Believe The Reason Why
The “Ice Bucket Challenge,” a viral-video ploy to raise awareness for ALS, commonly known as Lou Gehrig’s Disease, has recently popped up all across the internet, prompting everyone to challenge their friends to dump ice water over their heads in lieu of, or in addition to, donating to the research to cure the deadly disease. Around the Missouri border it has gone viral at an exponential pace, prompting action from the city council.“These people are dumping buckets of ice water on their heads, wasting millions of gallons per day,” Says Sly James, the Mayor of Kansas City. “It was great at first because donations were pouring in to local chapters for research on ALS, but after the first couple of days panic ensued for us representatives.”James is referring to a serious environmental problem faced by the city in the last few weeks.  “People are dumping five gallon buckets, 10 gallon buckets, and heck, even bucket loaders full of water on themselves, which would all be well and good, if we weren’t in the middle of a drought,” says Meteorologist Katie Horner.  “We are experiencing one of the worst droughts in years, and wasting all this water when the whole point was to get people donating to a charity is asinine.”Kansas City alone has lost water due to drought, enough so that more rural portions of the city are going without it, as well as the rest of the city having to ration their water.  “Restaurants have shut down, people are not allowed to shower, a family of five is only rationed ten gallons of water every other day,” Says James.  “These people need to realize that for all the positivity they are spreading by making ALS known, they are also devastating our ecosystem, which in recent years has become extremely fragile.  There is always two sides to the coin.”With no sign of stopping, people in Missouri have decided to stop using the tap and have gone to lakes and rivers to get their water, with equal detriment to the environment surrounding.  “It goes without saying that people in general need to be a part of something,” says anthropologist Robert Layton.  “It is unfortunate that in today’s social age they need to grasp on to internet, to notoriety or fame so much that they refuse to see what they are doing to their home town.”“We had to put out a bulletin banning the ice bucket challenge,” Says James.  “We just can’t have people potentially dying for no reason other than to get out of donating money to research.  People should just make videos showing them donating.  ‘ALS is a big deal, let’s take it out!’ and then fork over $10. That’s what the challenge was supposed to be about. Apparently somewhere along the line, people forgot the ‘donate’ part, and just started wasting water.”Although the ‘challenge’ has brought in over $1 million more than the ALS foundation would have normally received by this time in years past, representatives for the foundation say that if people actually donated when they did the challenge, they’d have much more.“Originally the challenge was someone nominates you, and you have 24 hours to either complete the challenge AND donate $10, or you would not complete the challenge at all, and you had to donate $100,” said Marsha Farmington, representative for the ALS foundation. “Yes, we’ve had people donate. Yes, we’ve had people donate more than $100, even. But I have to say, based on how many videos I see in my Facebook feed every day of people dumping buckets over their head, most people who do the challenge remember to film it, they remember to tag friends, and they remember to post it on the internet. The thing they forget is to donate the $10.” Tennessee Man Creates First Marijuana Infused Moonshine
A Tennessee man, who claims to be the illegitimate son of moonshine legend Popcorn Sutton, has supposedly taken his fathers recipe to new ‘highs.’  Tim Coffey, 42, of Chattanooga says he has the original moonshine recipe that Sutton created passed down to him by his mother, Tina Davis. Davis, who lives in Brentwood, claims it was given to her when she had a summer affair with Marvin Sutton in East Tennessee in the 1972.  Her claim is that she was then on vacation with her family in Gatlinburg when she met Sutton.“We smoked a doobie that one of Popcorn’s friends had given him and he gave me a sip of some of his shine,” Davis claims she never pursued Sutton for paternity because she didn’t want to hurt his family’s way of life.Last year Coffey got in a legal dispute with J&M Concepts LLC, the company partnered with Hank Williams Jr., over the legal rights to claim his moonshine was Sutton’s recipe.  Coffey decided to get around this by making it a tribute brand and infusing it with marijuana.“I wanted this blend to bring back fond memories for my mama,” Coffey said.  Coffey has had trouble bringing the product to market, as it is still not legal to possess or distribute marijuana in the state of Tennessee.  He says efforts to bring the moonshine to more ‘weed friendly’ states has also been met with great opposition.  “In Colorado, they have their booze laws all messed up.  They won’t let me add pot to the shine because they say it violates their state laws.”Currently Coffey is looking for legal representation and investors and is considering a Kickstarter project to bring his product to market.  “I have been ‘giving’ some away at various rock concerts I have been going to.  I recently went to see a concert by the band Phish and ‘donated’ nearly 1000 free samples to folks waiting in the parking lot before the show.  They loved it!” Coffee said.  The moonshine has yet to find a name, but Coffey seems to be leaning towards calling it ‘Tina’s Tincture,’ after his mother and the technical name when the THC and cannabinoids have been leached out into alcohol.Tennessee officials have warned Coffey that they are tracking him, and that his illegal ‘taste-tests’ will be something they look for. Tim claims he is doing nothing wrong.  “This is pain-killer for regular folks that don’t want to get all messed up on pills.  You can drink some of my shine and you might get to feelin’ real good, but you are definitely going to be too chill to rob a pharmacy for pills, ya know?”Attempts to reach J&M Concepts for comment were not returned.  Sutton’s brand of ‘white whiskey,’ marketed by J&M Concepts, recently landed them in court defending themselves against Jack Daniels for the similarities in the two companies labeling and bottling.  “I wouldn’t do something stupid like that with mine,” Tim Coffey stated. “My brand is in a small jar so you could hide it easily, and the liquid itself is green. I’m also considering putting a big pot leaf on the front label. No reason to be subtle, as far as I’m concerned.”Apple Sues Orchard for Logo Infringement
Apple Inc. has announced today a lawsuit seeking to protect its distinctive 'bitten apple' logo from "blatant and abusive trademark infringement". The suit filed in U.S. District Court in Detroit alleges that Michigan-based Apple Charlie's Orchards of "knowingly copying and distributing for commercial purposes a logo which infringes upon the look and feel of our trademarked design." Apple is asking the court to ban the family-owned apple farm and cider mill from operating in the United States for five years and force it to pay substantial compensatory and punitive damages. The Cupertino, CA based company has come under fire in recent months for its legal battles with Samsung and other Android phone manufacturers it says have "stolen" its intllecual property to better compete in the smartphone market. Critics accuse Apple of pursuing petty nusiance claims over industry standard features in order to stifle its rivals' product development. Apple says it is simply defending its "right to innovate". Not Far From The Tree Previously limited to patents, the Apple Charlie's case is the first time Apple has applied its new-found litigiousness to trademarks. Bruce Sewell, Apple's Senior Vice-President of Legal and Government Affairs explains that the company had no choice but to act aggressively: "Sure a lot of companies have apples in their logos. Apples are a very common fruit. But this apple has a bite taken out of it.  And so does ours. That makes all the differnce. These scumbags are clearly trying to piggyback on our popularity, and we're not going to stand for it." Bill Brighton, manager of Apple Charlie's, tells a different story: "I don't know what their lawyers are talking about. When we designed the logo in 1996, we just took a clipart file and put our name over it. We were thinking about apples - which are our livelihood - not Apple Computer. Weren't they practically bankrupt then anyway?" Brighton says black vans have been circling his farm for weeks taking photos of every sign which contains the logo, and his iPhone mysteriously stopped working the day after the suit was filed. Apple is seeking $7 million in compenstory damages, plus $2 millon for the "emotional distress" the situation has caused its employees. "We have thousands of people trying desperately to work knowing another company has a similar, uglier logo to that of their employer," Sewell explains "You can't put a price on the pain and suffering that causes. But we've tried."Florida Man Successfully Receives Penis Transplant From Horse
A man from Melbourne, Florida has received the worlds first-ever successful horse-to-man penis transplant in Iztapalapa, Mexico using the allograft procedure, which is a procedure in which the key components of organs are grown artificially. The news broke this morning as it was published in the Mexican newspaper ‘El Grafico.’The recipient of the transplant, which took place July 16th, Nicholas Waterbury, wished to remain anonymous at first, but was convinced by Mexican physicians that he would go down in history as the world’s first ever, animal-to-man penile transplant recipient, and that it could bring him great fame. Waterbury then gave El Grafico the approval to use his name in their exclusive front-page article.The procedure, which took place at El Calavero Medical Center and was successfully completed in just over nine-hours, was completed by Dr. Abelino Santiago, who specializes in organ transplants. Santiago adamantly stated that this was an unprecedented, groundbreaking operation.“The first human-to-human penis transplant was just in 2006, so this is very significant.” said Santiago.The worlds first penis transplant that Santiago referenced, which was indeed successful, was completed in September of 2006 in Guangzhou, China by Dr. Jean-Michel Dubernard. The recipient, a 44-year-old male, had lost most of his penis in an accident. The transplanted penis came from a 22-year-old male.  Although the transplant was successful, the patient had the procedure reversed due to psychological trauma. According to records, that was the only successful penis transplant ever completed until Waterbury received his new penis. His transplant from a Campolina, a breed of horse common in the Mexican wilderness, and used by ranchers throughout Central America.Dr. Santiago explained to Waterbury that the odds of the procedure being successful and taking to Waterbury’s body was less than ten-percent. “We had our doubts, we believed that the chances that the transplant would take would be very small – but there was that small chance that we could accomplish a feat which had never been done before.” said Santiago. “We have made history, and Mr. Waterbury is recovering very nicely.” he said.Waterbury told the press he first considered the transplant after reading about Dr. Santiago successfully completing several animal-to-animal penile transplants. Having been ridiculed all his life for having a below average sized penis, he got in touch with the doctor and asked if it was at all possible to receive a transplanted penis from a horse, and have a fully functional penis.“He told me the chances were very slim that it would work, but I decided to try to be a part of history while possibly fulfilling complete personal satisfaction.” said Waterbury. “It has been two weeks, everything seems to work properly and when they tested it two days ago, I got my first erection. I am amazed, Dr. Santiago is a wonderful man.” added Waterbury.Being that the issue for Waterbury was the size, reporters naturally asked about the transplanted penis’ size, “Mr. Waterbury wishes to not disclose that information, but we can tell you that he is a very satisfied man,” said Dr. Santiago.Waterbury is sure to face a flood of news media upon his arrival back into the United States, which according to Santiago, will be about a month.“We wish to keep Mr. Waterbury under constant observation for at least the next thirty days, in which we will perform multiple tests on the functionality of the penis. When we are satisfied and certain he will have no issues, we will recommend that he can go home, however for the time being it is absolutely necessary to monitor the healing process.” said Santiago.Santiago added that some of the inner workings of the penis were modified using synthetic materials, allowing the procedure to be possible. “Without the allograft procedure, in which tissue is grown artificially, we would not have even tried. I contemplated even trying it at all, but after some research and meeting with my associates, we were convinced that it was indeed possible using the lab grown allograft. We are very pleased with the outcome, but we still have to keep an eye on Mr. Waterbury’s healing process, which has gone extremely well.” Santiago said.  Michael Jackson Hologram Selected To Perform During Super Bowl XLIX Halftime Show
After multiple conflicting reports suggesting that either Katy Perry or Carrie Underwood would be selected as the Super Bowl XLIX halftime performer, it came as quite a shock this morning as it was announced that the halftime performer is not a living person, but a hologram. The Arizona Super Bowl Host Committee decided to spice things up a bit and use the  modern technology of today by selecting a holographic image of none other than the King of Pop, Michael Jackson. The hologram of Jackson will be the star of the show, which will take place on February 1st at University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale, Arizona, home of the NFL’s Arizona Cardinals.Holography is a modern-day technique that allows three-dimensional images to be projected by way of laser, interference, diffraction, light intensity, and virtual illumination. The final product is an image that seems to magically turn a picture into a living thing, in this case, Michael Jackson. Last May a hologram of Jackson was used at the 2014 Billboard Music Awards in Las Vegas, Nevada. The hologram and choreography took producers nearly a year of planning and technical work. The Super Bowl Host Committee conjured up the idea, and made it a priority to successfully follow through with, along with the assisting  Billboard Music Award production team they plan (and guarantee) to do just that.According to Arizona Super Bowl Host Committee chairman David Rousseau it was a cutting edge advancement in technology and entertainment that he believes needs to be embraced, offering NFL fans a halftime experience they would likely never forget.“It was brought up in a meeting, seemingly as a joke by one of our staffers. In fact, it was such a ridiculous notion, that I ended up firing him for even mentioning it. Later that night, though, I went back and watched the Michael Jackson performance from the Billboard Music Awards, and I was amazed. It sent cold chills up my spine,” he said. “I even thought of calling up [the staffer] who suggested it and apologizing for laughing at his idea, but there really wasn’t time. The next morning we began to discuss it as if it were now a realistic idea to have a deceased legend perform. We got in touch with the team who designed the hologram for Billboard, and they were glad to do help.”Several internet rumors have been spread over the last couple of weeks saying Katy Perry would grace the Super Bowl halftime stage this year, then rumors claiming it would actually be Carrie Underwood, who already has ties with the NFL from performing the Sunday Night Football intro and theme music, which is also broadcast by NBC.“All nonsense, the rumors. We get that every year,” said Rousseau. “I even heard one about a mega-concert with people like Eminem and Roger Daltry and Marilyn Manson. I have no idea where these stories originate, but they’re always good for a laugh.”Rousseau told the Associated Press that this would be the biggest halftime show production in history, and that it will put his committee on the map as one of the most successful planning committees in special event history.“When this thing is over, the first question people will ask is when the Super Bowl is coming back to Arizona. I’m going to pull a Joe Namath and guarantee that right now, so mark it down,” said Rousseau. “There will be various acts which I cannot reveal at this time, to perform with Holo-Jackson, whom in their own right could handle the job themselves, putting the whole thing over the top with a massive bang, and then a grand-finale that I believe will be known in the future as the most exciting moment in live television history. What we have in store for the great football fans of America will have them gloating with American pride for weeks. Of course it will be a good game, but like most Super Bowls the game will be secondary to the halftime show and the commercials. You thought Janet’s t— were a big deal? Just wait!”The 2015 Pro Bowl will also be played in Glendale one week before the Super Bowl on January 25th as an experiment by NFL commissioner Roger Goodell after being suggested the idea by Arizona Cardinals President Michael Bidwell. It is the first time since 1980 the Pro Bowl will not be played in Hawaii. Scientists Warn Blizzard Set To Hit Northeast Contains Radioactive Snow
As if 20 inches of snow wasn’t enough to worry about, scientist at the Brookhaven National Lab warn that this deadly amount of snow will also be highly radioactive. Fallout from the Fukushima nuclear disaster of 2011 has finally reached the Northeast of America, and it’s coming in the form of heavy, wet snow set to cover most of the Eastern United States.“We have been tracking the radiation since the disaster of the Fukushima meltdown in 2011, and to be honest, it could not have reached the country at a worse time,” said  Chief Scientist Michael Baker. “This week’s blizzard, which is expected to dump 20 to 30 inches of snow, blanketing most of New England and New York, will contain dangerous amounts of radiation. I’m urging all residents affected by the storm to remain indoors. The snow will actually be most dangerous while it’s falling, so do not let the snow touch your skin. Do not shovel or let your children play in the snow. Do not let your pets out into the snow. The safest thing you can do is wait until the snow melts into the ground so the radiation can be absorbed by the earth.”“I’m strongly recommending all residents to stay indoors while the snow is falling, and a New York state-wide curfew will take effect starting at 3pm, and will continue for the duration of the storm,” said New York Governor Mario Cuomo. “During that time, only police, fire services, and other essential personnel will be allowed on the streets. This is nothing to take lightly - this amount of snow, coupled with the severe radiation, is a life or death matter.”“Radioactive snow? What am I supposed to do?” asked New Hampshire resident Lisa Jones. ”I’ve got 3 large dogs, and it’s going to take weeks for the snow to melt. I can’t have my dogs just popping a squat throughout the house. God, I’ve got to get the hell out of New England. This is a horror show.”  Scientist Says Hawaii Has Moved Closer To Continental US; Expects State To Hit Within 30 Years
Have you ever wanted to take a trip to Hawaii but hate flying? Well, in about 30 years, you’ll be able to easily drive there, according to geographical research scientist Matt Gantt. In a study that Gantt has been leading for the last 10 years, the geological scientist says that they have found that the entire main island of Hawaii has slowly, but surely, moved closer to the coast of California.The study began after geologists set to work mapping out the islands, and while doing so, noticed that the numbers didn’t add up to an older map, and that the main section of Hawaii had seemingly moved closer to the mainland continental United States. 5 years later, they checked again, and again the found the islands to have drifted closer. In 2015, the study indicated a total movement of nearly 100 miles.“At the rate it is going, it looks as though Hawaii will become part of the continental states within the next 30 years,” said Gantt. “We are currently researching ways to stop this, but so far my team and I coming up empty. Our main hope is to find a way to do so before it hits the coast, which could potentially cause major disasters and coastal flooding.”Gantt says that if they are unable to stop Hawaii from drifting, it could also cause a huge climate change for not only the islands, but also for anyone on the west coast. Fear of wild life extinction and severe weather, among other things, is a top priority for Gantt and his team as they work to change what they say is, at this point, an inevitability.“We have considered many options, but so far nothing has worked on paper, and with movement on such a massive scale, we need to plan thoroughly before acting. At this point, it would seem our best option may be to just get giant anchors and hang them off the edges of the islands. It might be our only way to stop, or slow, the movement.” New University Study Shows Marijuana Concentrate ‘Dabs’ Cause Brain Cancer
At the University of Arizona College of Medicine, recent test studies show that smoking marijuana concentrates, also called “dabs,” users are increasing their risk of developing cancerous cells in their brain by almost 7 times when compared to just regular weed smoking.Out of 75 test subjects, 11 subjects, both male and female, are showing signs of cancerous activity after only 18 months of smoking the concentrated marijuana dabs. Monitored behavior logs were kept, along with consultations and activities performed daily, monitoring standard marijuana smoking versus dab smokers.University of Arizona representative Amanda Schuyler released the findings after concluding that the public needed to have the information on hand before the study would be fully completed.“As the use of ‘dabs’ becomes more and more common amongst marijuana users seeking a much better high, we felt we needed to get our findings out there as soon as possible, as the dangers of holding onto such information could be disastrous,” said Schuyler. “The effects of residual butane exposure, which is a chemical used in preparing the dabs, actually isn’t as bad as you’d think. What’s really causing the cancer to grow at such a rapid rate is the concentrated marijuana. Taking one dab is just like smoking 4,000 joints at once. It’s deadly.”7 Out of the 11 subjects being observed while using concentrates that were negatively effected are showing severe destruction of neurons in the brain, losses unlike anything ever seen. With no current possibility for regrowth of brain matter, it’s being suggested by the university researchers that concentrated ‘dabs’ be categorized with the government as a class 1 felony drug.Debates have been heated in the medical marijuana, as well as recreational-use communities as to the benefits of these concentrates. Marijuana concentrates, also known on the streets as “hippie crack,” is made by using marijuana and butane to transform the plant into a goopy liquid, which gets heated and smoked through special, often very elaborate, glass pipes.“I really hope that the government listens to our findings on this horrible, seriously damaging drug,” said Schuyler. “Just like standard marijuana, this new form is extremely deadly and could easily kill you. It needs to be controlled by the government, and it needs to be a strict felony as punishable by law.”Donald Trump to Give All His Money to Cancer Research
Business magnate and celebrity, Donald Trump, is in the process of donating nearly all of his wealth to cancer research. The billionaire’s estate is known to be associated with many charity organizations, but Trump seems to have a personal sympathy for this cause.“It’s long been his dream to find a cure for cancer,” said daughter Ivanka. “He cares so much for all those poor, hideous people going through the rigors of chemotherapy.”Other, more cynical commentators have however shed doubt on the purity of his actions. One of the major critics is son, Donald Jr.“Dad would never give his money away for no reason,” young Donald said. “He has some sort of smart business plan, that’s going to make me… I mean him… lots more money. He has to, doesn’t he?”Much of the conservative community has agreed with Trump Jr. Their argument is that “Donald typifies the ideal capitalist. He ruthlessly makes as much money as possible, uses it philanthropically when it will serve to make him more money, and never gives anything away for free. He embodies the values on which America was founded. If you give people handouts, they’ll never learn to take care of themselves. Cancer patients are no exception. It’s because of all the charity they get from liberals that you never see the dying victims themselves sitting in labs researching. They’re so entitled already.”Trump, however, is not budging on the insistence of his pure motives.“This is charity, plain and simple,” he announced at the American Association for Cancer Research (AARC) annual fundraiser. “All I want is for our esteemed biologists and doctors to come up with a way to relieve the torments of cancer. Especially the hair loss factor, and the pasty white skin. If they can just find a way to cure those symptoms, a lot of people’s lives will be vastly improved. I know mine will.”Abortion Clinic Busted For Selling Fetuses To Chinese Restaurant
A local Sellersburg establishment was shut down by police and health inspectors this week, after an investigation of the Beijing Chinese restaurant showed that they were purchasing aborted fetuses from the Sunbright Family Planning Clinic.Police first became aware of the Beijing restaurant using human fetuses as part of their cuisine when several people were hospitalized after eating at the restaurant. Representatives from the Sellersburg Department of Health were called by doctors at Clark Memorial Hospital to investigate the conditions at Beijing, assuming improper food storage or preparations. The Department of Health was shocked at what they found.“They had an entire walk-in refrigerator dedicated to unborn fetuses, all of them in different stages of dismemberment. It was clear they were using them as part of their recipes.” Said Brendan Kelly, department head for the Sellersburg D.O.H. “We immediately closed the restaurant, and contacted state officials.”“We were contacted by the Department of Health, who informed us that a local abortion clinic may be selling discarded fetuses to the Beijing restaurant.” Said Captain Joseph Goldsmith of the Indiana State Police. “We moved in quickly on both establishments, making sure that we got a lock on all this as soon as possible.”Along with the owners of the Beijing Restaurant, Soi Cha and Fo Shi, officials also arrested two men from the Sunbright Family Planning Clinic. Alex Coates and Ryan Wintson will be facing charges for their part in the theft and sale of the fetuses, which officials believe had been happening for years.“Alex and Ryan were two members of our nighttime cleaning crew who’d worked for us for almost 6 years.” Said Doctor Thomas Telford of the Sunbright Clinic. “I am shocked that they could or would do something like this. Sickened and appalled.”All four men will be facing charges in Sellersburg Superior Court. Cha and Shi, the purchasers of the unborn fetuses, are charged with assault and attempted manslaughter, because of the illnesses they caused in customers, as well as with the lesser charge of dismembering a corpse, which is a misdemeanor in the state of Indiana. Coates and Winston are being charged with theft and sale of human remains, theft of medical supplies and equipment, theft of medical waste, assault, and attempted manslaughter. Each are facing up to a 9 year sentence if convicted.“This is without a doubt the most disturbing thing that’s happened in this town.” Said Kelly. “We never expected to come across something so dark and grotesque.”Both Beijing and the Sunbright Clinic have been closed for investigation until further notice. Doctors at Sunbright Clinic say they were completely unaware that this was happening in their offices, and at the time of this writing, no charges were being filed against any of their medical staff.Time Warner Cable Announces Internet, Cable Services Will Be Down For Security Upgrades In February
Time Warner Cable spokesperson Lavette Ansari announced that Time Warner Cable services, including broadband internet, would not be available to customers on February 29th, due to maintenance and network testing.In the statement, Ansari said that the shut down for network maintenance was necessary to maintain the high quality broadcasting product and superior internet service the media giant company offers.“We at Time Warner are proud of the fact that we have the best cable  and internet service available for all of America,” Ansari said. “In order to maintain our incredible product and services, it is absolutely necessary that we perform this uninterrupted testing and overall product assessment before any problems arise.”The decision to shut down and perform these maintenance actions comes at a time during which many media companies and internet services are being attacked by groups of rogue hackers. Both Playstation and Xbox networks have each been hacked and shut down recently, as well as Chase Bank and Sony Pictures Entertainment. The plague is not confined to the United States either, as North Korea has gone without internet service throughout the entire country following the actions of sophisticated hacking.Other internet and cable companies are expected to follow suit according to University of Maryland Professor of Media Technologies & Sciences, Dr. Mamauf Abdul Rahim. “In this age of vast technology, knowledge which is now easily obtained. With the modern age of technology, there are mostly positives but with that also comes the potential of attack,” Rahim stated. “No company, no matter how big or small, as well as individuals, no matter how powerful, are a potential victim of extreme cyber attack. The appropriate measures of prevention must be taken in order to keep hacking risks as low as possible.”Ansari added in her statement to select members of the Associated Press that in order to keep customer complaints as low as possible, the company wanted to give fair warning. ” It is important that the news of this shutdown be highly anticipated in order for our loyal customers to prepare themselves,” Ansari said. “We know that a full 24 hours is an extremely long time to go for some people to not use the internet.”World’s First Pregnant Man: ‘I Can’t Wait To Get This Damn Thing Out of Me’
Back in 2009, Thomas Trace Beatie, a public speaker, author, and advocate for transgender and sexuality issues with a focus on trans fertility and reproductive rights, became the first man to become pregnant. Beatie, who was born a woman, had gender reassignment surgery in 2002, and later became known as ‘The Pregnant Man.’ It was Beatie’s pregnancy that gave doctors and researchers at Scripps Memorial Hospital in San Diego the idea of impregnating a natural born male.Over the entire span of medical science, doctors believed human males did not have the anatomy needed for natural embryonic and fetal development. However, Dr. Paul Chambers, a pioneer of in-vitro fertilization, believed the theoretical idea of a male ectopic pregnancy (pregnancy outside the uterine cavity) by implantation could be completed with close monitoring, along with some modern medical intervention.“I don’t see why it can’t be done,” said Chambers. “Why should women have all the fun, right fellas? We’ve worked very hard on the science and health risks involved. We studied the Arnold Schwarzenegger movie Junior, watching it over and over, and we don’t see why this can’t work, albeit with some strict monitoring. There won’t be any Lamze classes for our pregnant man, though.”Dr. Chambers stresses that the concept of ectopic implantation, while theoretically plausible, had never been attempted and would be difficult to even justify to the scientific community. The need for justification, though, went out the window when they received a willing volunteer.The 31-year-old man, who we will refer to as ‘Tom,’ volunteered for the experimental pregnancy when it was learned that his wife of six years could not get pregnant due to severe endometriosis. The risks were explained, and Tom consented.“Even for women lacking a uterus – owing to the extreme health risks to both the parent and child, you can understand our concern for implanting a man,” said Dr. Miles Balderdash, a researcher for Scripps. “Regardless of our concerns, [Tom] was determined to give his wife a child. So we went ahead with it. I gotta say, the guy is a trooper.”Doctors harvested several eggs from Tom’s wife, and fertilized the eggs with Tom’s sperm.“Collecting the sperm was by-far the best part of this whole process,” said Tom. “They gave me a choice between video or magazines. I went with video. My wife doesn’t let me watch that sort of thing at home, but for science, for our baby, she said I could this once.”Once a viable fetus was established from this fertilization procedure, Dr. Chambers implanted the fetus in Tom’s abdomen.“Since a man does not have a uterus with the placenta, we attached the fetus to an the only internal organ the male has that could possibly sustain a fetus – the bowels,” Dr. Chambers said. He went on to explain that the colon area is made up of very vascular tissue, which can supply oxygen rich blood to the fetus. The colon is not as vascular as a uterus, but it is the most feasible choice to implant in a male.Doctor’s at Scripp’s Memorial and researchers from San Diego State University Medical Center have been following Tom’s progress, and with proper medical treatment, he has been able to carry his baby for the past six months; However, doctors are becoming concerned.“The weight of the baby is pushing his organs up into his chest cavity, and it is affecting his breathing. His blood oxygen levels are falling and putting the baby, and his health, at risk.”“They’ve put me on bed rest for now,” Tom said as he wife tended to him. “As long as I keep my feet up and do as the doctors tell me, I’ll be able to give my wife the child she deserves.”Doctors are obviously planning to deliver by Caesarean section. “We trust the doctors,” Tom’s wife said as she held her husband’s hand. “They’ve been so helpful this entire time. I just want a baby. [Tom] has been so strong this entire time. Women having been popping out babies for ages. It’s so exciting to know that we’ll be the first couple to have a baby that was grown in the father.”Dr. Chambers noted that the abdomen is not designed to separate from the placenta during delivery, hence the danger of an ectopic pregnancy. “We never questioned whether this was going to work,” said Dr. Balderdash. “We more questioned whether [Tom] was going to live through it. He knew the risks, though, and we’re doing all we can to make sure he and the baby are safe.”Currently Tom is still bed bound with his feet up and his wife tending to him as he breaths purified oxygen through a face mask. He says he feels great, and just can’t wait to get the ‘damn thing’ out of him.Obama Drains Martha’s Vineyard Pond To Retrieve Commemorative Golf Ball
Day 5 of President Barack Obama’s annual vacation to the resort island community of Martha’s Vineyard was met with dismay and controversy, when a fresh-water pond was drained so that a commemorative golf ball could be retrieved.During an early round of play at the exclusive Farm Neck Golf Club located in the town of Oak Bluffs, an unidentified member of the President’s entourage hit a ball into a pond facing the eastern edge of the course.  The water hazard is located above a natural aquifer made up of sand and gravel, and serves as an essential ground water filter.Cal Silva, Environmental Quality Officer for Dukes County remarked, “The natural purifying system provided by the aquifer is indispensable for proper environmental balance, not only for this locale, but also for the entire Island.  We learned today that the pond was drained by executive order without our consent.  A homeowner whose property abuts the golf course informed me when he noticed that dredging of the pond had started, and quite honestly, I was shocked.  The health and well-being of local shellfish and wildlife may very well be severely compromised due to this,” added Silva.Reaction spread quickly throughout this closely-knit community, made up of year-rounders, summer residents, and day-trippers. Cafe owner Suzanne North expressed a commonly shared opinion.“This the kind of place where you leave things the way you found them, especially when it comes to nature.  It’s unfathomable to me how this was allowed to happen, and all for a golf ball?  This is one of the few places left where people can share something special.  A lot of my regulars are very upset about it.”Cafe patron Roland Sanders commented, “They [the President and his family] keep a pretty low profile around here normally, except for when they come in town to one of the restaurants.  You wouldn’t hardly know they’re here until the whole Secret Service shows up and whatnot, so that’s pretty exciting because you know he’s close by.  But this thing with the pond has made a lot of people a little uncomfortable now.  It’s like they took charge all of a sudden and changed the way things work without first thinking about the Vineyard or asking anybody.”Not everyone in the town was as upset at the situation as Sanders, though. Several avid golfers from the area say they completely understood losing a ball in that water trap.“I’ve golfed at Farm Neck many, many times,” said resident Henry Bellows. “I’ve lost countless balls to that pond. If I had the power to have it drained to get them back, I would have. Now that it’s happened, though, I am tempted to sneak down there with a bucket and pick up some free balls.”Quality officer Silva expressed optimism that the natural balance could be restored if enough rainfall replenishes the now drained wetland.“Nature has a way of taking care of itself.  Already there are a number of birds who are feeding at the marshland that was created by this event, so that’s a benefit in a strange way which we’ve not been able to observe before.  I can only hope for the best, but my office will be meeting with the President’s staff and I’ve personally requested a meeting with the head of the EPA.  She’s a New Englander, so I know she understands the island and how strongly we feel about this.”According to reports, Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Gina McCarthy, a Greater Boston area resident, would soon be traveling to the island, located 4 miles from the Massachusetts coastline. President Obama would not comment on the incident, but a representative from the White House said that the environment has always been important to the President and his family.“This was a really important golf ball, though,” he added. “One of a kind. In case you are wondering, we were able to retrieve the ball after draining the pond, so it was not a total loss.”Elon Musk Replaced By Robot As CEO Of Tesla Motors
In a surprising move, Tesla Motors removed Elon Musk as CEO this morning and replaced him with a highly intelligent robot. In a statement posted on its website, the pioneering electric car company thanked Musk for his years of service, but told investors that a more efficient executive has been found. The robot’s name is Mark Calaway. He was developed internally at Tesla in hopes of creating a more intelligent crash-test dummy. But researchers soon discovered that Calloway could perform other, more complex tasks better than humans. In the two short months since being activated, Calloway has risen up the ranks all the way to COO, and has recently been running most of Tesla’s executive meetings. One Tesla board member says its choice was obvious as the robot is “‘superior in every way” to a human chief executive The board did not inform Musk, who learned of his predicament when his identification card no longer unlocked the front door and all his office belongings sat outside on the curb. “I got outsmarted,” Musk told Forbes magazine. “Don’t know how the robot did it, but it did. I told you stuff like this would happen. Artificial intelligence (AI) isn’t the future, it’s the present. Now I’m out of Tesla Motors and Mark the robot is in. “If it can happen to me, it can happen to anyone. All I can do is hang on to my spaceship company and hope the rockets don’t blow up or I get replaced by another robot. If it can happen once, it can happen again.” Musk made his first fortune as a co-founder of PayPal, the online payment service that was eventually sold to online bidding website eBay. Rather than retire young, he used his cash to start Tesla and Space X, his groundbreaking space transportation firm. Musk and other Silicon Valley CEOs have created the threats that artificial intelligence pose to humans. These fears have not stopped Musk from investing in AI start-ups. “I’ll be rethinking my investment strategy,” he said. “I went from being Iron Man to just Man. I guess Mark is the new Iron Man.”Miami Coast Guard Rescues Hundreds of Dolphins Stranded in the Ocean
In a day hailed as the “peak of marine heroism,” the Miami coast guard has rescued hundreds of dolphins from the Atlantic Ocean. The majestic creatures were reportedly stranded there for an undetermined amount of time before their plight was spotted by an observant tourist on Sunday morning.“These poor animals have been stuck in the sea longer than anyone we’ve rescued in the past,” said head of operations, Warren Bailey. “We attribute their survival to their well known ability to adapt to harsh conditions. They are the second smartest mammals on earth, after all.”Trent Richman, the man who initially called attention to the dolphins’ plight, has been hailed as an “all-American hero.”“Trent epitomizes our great nation’s values,” said Miami mayor, Tomas Pedro Regalado. “We’re hospitable to anyone in their time or need, American or foreign, human or animal.”Richman himself played down his role in the rescue.“Anyone else would have done the same,” he humbly told reporters. “Who could leave innocent beings to drown in this huge ocean? I saw them desperately jumping into the air for what they must have believed were their last breaths. I called the coast guard and they’re the ones who should be applauded for their quick response.”Mayor Regalado is apparently doing everything in his power to find housing for the dolphins until they recover from their ordeal, which may have lasted years.“Our hotels are filled up right now – this is a favorite city for vacations all year long. Also, due to their corpulence, they can’t fit in most citizens’ houses, so we have quite a dilemma on our hands. For now, we’re working hard to build tent cities for them to stay in, but with the huge amount of refugees on our hands, some of them will inevitably sleeping under the stars for the next few nights.”At press time, the survivors were resting from the drama on the beach, out of reach of the projected tides. When asked for comments, their lack of response was likely due to their need to sleep off the exhaustion. They are, however, expected to be up and running within the next few hours.Creationists Bash Science-Based “Cosmos” TV Show, Demand Equal Airtime
Just this year, Neil deGrasse Tyson rebooted the late Carl Sagan’s TV show Cosmos for the FOX Network, and although the season is several episodes in, it is causing a controversy amongst a large number of religious zealots.Creation scientists, a small facet of  religious people who curiously believe that the universe and all it’s inhabitants were created by divine intervention, have a bone to pick with the show due in large part to the fact that science debunks almost all of their theories. Because Cosmos directly clashes with their ideology, they’ve started picketing the FOX Network for equal airtime, as well as boycotting deGrasse Tyson’s work.Fox has responded to their demands, saying that they aren’t interested.“We have no plans to create any sort of alternate, psuedo-scientific based version of Cosmos.” Said Kevin Reilly, Chairman of entertainment for Fox Networks. “I believe the only way that would even appeal to most people is if we filmed it in front of a live studio audience and added in a laugh track.”Enraged with FOX’s reaction, the Creationists have asked that the network at least discuss the possibilities of God being the all-mighty creator of the Earth and mankind itself in at least one segment of every episode of Cosmos. “We just want the world to know that God is the real creator and one who has evolved all of this world.” Said Melanie Pinkerton, a creation scientist with the Real Origins Group in Los Angeles, California. “Six thousand years ago, He said ‘Let There Be Light,’ and there was. Now we are asking the TV world to ‘Let There Be Light.’  We just think it’s right that we get our equal time.”Despite the demands and complaints, the ratings for Cosmos are still holding strong. The Creationists themselves aren’t helping when it comes to getting the show taken off the air, either – Most of them have said they watch the program every week just so they can curse at their televisions and shout passages from the bible at deGrasse Tyson.Although there are no plans for FOX to draft any episodes of the Creationist version of the Cosmos series, which the group has decided would be called Genesis, they have decided that Ken Hamm, who founded the Creationist Museum, would be the natural choice to host it. Perhaps wisely, no networks have taken an interest in adding the show to their lineup.Fran Drescher-Narrated Audiobook Banned by National Association of the Deaf
It is not “the best of times” for comedic actress and TV star Fran Drescher, most famous for her role as ‘Fran Fine,’ on CBS’ The Nanny, which ran on CBS from 1993–1999.The distinctively nasally voiced Drescher decided to self-produce and narrate an audiobook version of Charles Dickens’ A Tale of Two Cities, after being turned down by major producers and effectively blacklisted by SAG-AFTRA, The Screen Actors Guild‐American Federation of Television and Radio Artists.“I wanted to branch out,” said 56-year-old Drescher from her Hollywood Hills home.  “I’ve done comedy, I’ve done Broadway, I’ve done movies, and so one day I was joking around and I said to my producing partner ‘Wouldn’t it be funny if I narrated a book?’  HAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaa.  Then I started thinking about it and really decided to do it.  Crazy right?  HAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaa,” she said.Christopher Wagner, President of the National Association of the Deaf, led the movement for a nationwide ban on the audiobook.  “Approximately .4 percent of the United States population is functionally deaf.  That’s roughly 1 million people.  For God’s sake, isn’t that enough?” Wagner asked.A petition, largely driven by social media, gathered over 6,000,000 electronic signatures in support of the ban within the first hour of its online launch.  “Our mailbox got flooded,” said Wagner, “and our server crashed.  I was afraid we’d never get our website up and running again.”“It made me really sad because it was my favorite book growing up.  WAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaa,” said Drescher, after hearing about the ban.  “People wouldn’t necessarily think of me as a bookworm, but I really am.  HAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaa,” added Drescher.  “I love to read out loud.  I can do other voices besides ‘Fran Fine.’  She was a character, not a real person.  I have people who’ve lived around me for years who haven’t gone deaf.  I can prove it.”Early on in the project, Drescher contacted Audiobooks International Executive Vice President, Joseph Widden.  “I thought I was being punked,” he said.  “It sounded like Fran Drescher on the phone, but I have a lot of friends who do voices.  That’s what I do.  I get to know people who do voices.  Then they do audiobooks.  I thought it was a joke.  I hung up the phone.  She called again.  I hung up again.  This went on for an hour.  She finally stopped.  The tape came out.  She did it herself.  Chris Wagner called.  He got me on board.  That’s what I do.  I get on board.  I got on board.  I made some calls.  That’s what I do.  I called some people.  They owed me favors.  That’s what I do.  I call things in.  I called things in.  We got the ban.  So here we are.”“He wouldn’t take my call,” said Drescher.  “So I did it myself.  Now I got a garage full of CDs.  What am I going to do, drive around the country putting up a card table?  What can I say?  You gotta have a sense of humor about this business.  HAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaa.”Drescher says that she may donate the audiobooks to schools in developing countries, where it’s possible they aren’t familiar with her voice.U.S. Health Department Says Starbucks Coffee More Addicting Than Crack
A recent study conducted by the US Health Department shows Starbucks coffee is more addicting than crack cocaine.Derek Whistleton, a U.S. Health Department representative, sat down for an interview with the local D.C. newspaper Presidential Times, where he said that the Health Department gathered data for the study over the course of 26 months. “We really wanted to ensure we took the time to gather adequate and conclusive data, this was no fly-by-night operation.”When asked what data was gathered and studied over the 26 month period, Whistleton replied “It’s simple, it can all be tracked by units consumed, and industry profits.”“We used Salt Lake City, Utah as our test demographic and gathered all information used in the study from the patterns of Starbucks coffee and crack cocaine use by the citizens of Salt Lake City.”When asked why they decided to base their entire study regarding the addictiveness of crack compared to coffee in a seemingly mild-mannered city such as Salt Lake City Whistler replied, “We wanted to ensure we had a completely random sample demographic so we decided to pick a city out of hat and drew Salt Lake City, Utah”According to the study, the citizens of Salt Lake City consumed Starbucks coffee 99.99% more frequently than crack. “We were amazed at the results of our findings. The addictiveness of crack didn’t even hold a candle to that of Starbucks.”According to the Salt Lake City Police Department’s records, crack is turning an estimated profit of $600,000 per year. Starbucks however is a billion dollar industry in Salt Lake City.“Thousands of Salt Lake City housewives are spending upwards of $1300 a month on Starbucks coffee, and people just are not spending that much money on crack, period, case closed,” said Whistler. “We are actually wondering if it’s possible that Starbucks is actually putting a highly addictive substance, like crack, into their coffee in the first place. I mean, people aren’t drinking Starbucks coffee because it tastes good, that’s for sure. It was also explain the exorbitant prices they charge.”The surprising part of this study, according to Whistler, was that Starbucks addiction is universal amongst all social classes. “We even asked a homeless man in downtown Salt Lake City if he wanted some crack and he grinned, raised his Starbucks cup in the air, and said ‘I’ve got my crack right here.’” Meteorologists Predict Record-Shattering Snowfall Coming Soon
Chances are you will hear a lot about El Niño in the next month or two. Meteorologists and weather science experts at the National Weather Service (NWS) say that there is a 99% chance that the we will start to see a massive cold-front sooner in the year than has ever happened, which will produce not just record-breaking snowfall, but according to Dr. Boris Scvediok, a doctor of global weather sciences, record shattering snow storms across the board, affecting the entire United States.“For the sake of comparison to the past winter, lets say that your area received a total of twenty inches of accumulative snow for the season. Because this year the snowfall is predicted to start by the end of September or the beginning of October, you can expect to multiply that number by up to five, ten, maybe even twenty times in some areas. In the worst zones, you could see 50 times the amount of snow you’ve had in the past. This is the type of winter the American public needs to prepare for. Several meteorologists are saying not to buy into what the models are showing. I can tell you from forty years of scientific weather research, they are doing you a disservice,” Dr. Scvediok told the Associated Press on Friday. “The Northeast, Ohio Valley, and Midwestern states will definitely get hit the hardest.”Edward F. Blankenbaker, Senior Administrator of Meteorologists, also told the media that this will be a once-in-a-lifetime kind of snowy winter.“Pretty much everyone will see snow like they never have in their lives. Most younger people don’t even know what an actual blizzard looks like, but by the end of March, they will be seasoned survivalists,” Blankenbaker said. “Everyone needs to make sure they have their weather emergency kits prepared and ready to go. There will undoubtably be mass power outages, which along with freezing temperatures and enough snowfall to immobilize entire cities, will most likely, and unfortunately, be a very dangerous recipe. Safety always comes first and the time to prepare is right now.”Along with the mention of severe winter weather, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) predicts supply and demand could cause shortages, causing the prices of bread and milk to increase substantially. FDA spokesperson Rebecca Miller suggests alternatives in preparation of the coming months.“We are encouraging that you go out and purchase bulk amounts of dry, powdered milk which can be stored in your cupboards. This will prevent frantic trips to grocery stores and super markets as the onslaught of storms begin to fall upon your respected region.” Miller said. “As far as bread, we suggest you buy as much as you can efficiently store in your freezer. Bread can be frozen and thawed without compromising the integrity of its quality. Preparations such as these are crucial and the fact that technology has brought us to a time and place in which such events can be predicted is quite remarkable. So stock up on your powdered milk and fill your freezer with loaves of bread, because once the blankets of snow begin to fall, brave souls will confront the elements to raid stores of these products like some sort of scavenger hunt. Don’t be a part of the Snowpocolypse, it’s a dangerous battlefield of crazed-shopping, winter-bitten weather zombies.”Stock up! Prices could more than triple in some locationsPublic safety organizations also encourage the masses to prepare themselves by obtaining proper necessities. James Satterfield from the National Fire and Safety Advisory Board says preparation can save lives. “Don’t wait until temperatures plummet into a freeze; obtain cold weather clothing and footwear, including wool thermal socks. It is also crucial to have plenty of batteries, candles, weather radios, you name it. Get prepared, it’s coming.” Satterfield stated. “First and foremost, make sure you have an effective plan in place to make sure you have plenty of bread and milk.”Dr. Scvediok says to be prepared for a storm that could come as early as the end of September, and plan for the entire winter season, which this year, he says, will more than likely spread into next June.   Google Reveals New X-Ray Glasses At San Francisco Gadget Expo
The 2014 Gadget Expo is a regular ‘Nerd Nirvana,’ with all the latest gadgets and gizmos on display for people to check out, try out, and plan their 2015 tech purchases. Many new products created plenty of excitement such as Apple’s iWatch and Alienware’s 3D laptop. But the one product that stole the show was Google’s new X-Ray glasses, which the company is already planning for a 2015 release.“We all remember the ads in the back of comics. You could get sea monkeys or paper dolls. But the most popular ad was for X-Ray glasses. Of course, those glasses were a disappointment when they came in the mail, but it created a dream in the minds of a generation,” said Larry Page, Google CEO. “Now, some of those disappointed boys are the smartest engineers in the world, and they work here at Google. Ladies and gentlemen, those same young honor society nerds that dreamed of seeing through girls clothes have done it, and we now have real X-Ray glasses! Pending some safety issues, Google X-Googles will be available next year!”“It’s true, the X-Ray glasses work perfectly, and with different settings, you can see through garments, skin and bones, and even walls,” said Product manager Harold Harris. “We see this as a great development that will no doubt have untold advantages in the fields of medicine and law enforcement. The safety tweaks are happening now, as the one Mr. Page spoke of is actually quite serious. Currently, the X-Ray glasses have a 100% brain tumor rate on wearers. Unfortunately, the threat of brain tumors is not stopping the engineers on the project from wearing the glasses to spy on female employees. I guess for them seeing a girl naked is worth a brain tumor. At the rate engineers are dropping out for sickness or straight-up dropping dead, the tweaks may take a little longer to fix than expected.”Despite possible setbacks in health-related risks and fatalities by wearers, Google still plans to release the new X-ray glasses as soon as possible. “We know that Google Glass was just the beginning for what we’re calling or Google Spectacles Division,” said Page. “All those people out there wearing our current product will certainly be interested in our new Google X-Googles. We can’t wait for them to all go from becoming Glassholes to Raytards.” 7-Year-Old Hooked On Phonics, Refuses To Kick The Habit
Learning to read is one of the greatest milestones in a child’s early development.  For the family of 7-year-old Peter Hall, what started off as a blessing quickly turned into a curse.Peter was reading by the age of 2, with the help of the popular Hooked on Phonics series of informational workbooks and DVDs, but now the youngster refuses to learn or do anything else.“His grandmother bought him the first set of books,” says Peter’s mother, Monica Hall.  “Thank God she’s dead and gone so she doesn’t have to see the monster she created,” she says.  “I know she meant well, but I thank the Lord above that she’s in a place where she can’t see the hell she’s put us through.  I lost my job, my husband, and I ‘bout near lost my mind!”“We started off by following the directions,” Monica continued.  “They said to do the lessons for 20 minutes a day, 2 to 3 times a week, which seemed fine and was good for our schedule.”Peter instantly took to the workbooks, cards and DVDs, begging for more when the end of one learning segment was reached.  Temper tantrums and hunger strikes resulted if the books were taken away.“At the end of the first week, I kept hearing these scratching noises in the middle of the night,” said Monica.  “I’d go into Pete’s room and there he’d be with a flashlight under his covers, reading another book, turning another page, skipping ahead to another lesson – if we tried taking the book away from him, he’d holler and scream like we were stickin’ pins in him!  Eventually we just let him keep going.  Now I see we made a huge mistake.”“He won’t eat, won’t sleep – we were advised by a doctor to hook him up to an intravenous so that he won’t dehydrate, and we had to install a feeding tube in him last month so he wouldn’t starve to death,” Monica explained through sobs.  Even the child welfare officer threw her hands up and … and she walked out.”“It was a living hell on Earth,” says Peter’s father and Monica’s estranged husband, Bill.  “I moved out 8 months ago.  I couldn’t take it no more – the books, the lessons, the DVDs, the sound of pages turnin’ – I quit drinkin’ 20 years ago, but I fell off the wagon by the time Petey started askin’ for biographies.  That was the limit!  Books were like crack cocaine to him, or even maybe meth – it was that bad.  I’ve been around addicts, but I never seen anything like this before!”“The commercial says more than 3 million families have used the program and are happy with it,” says Monica.  “Well, what about us?” They don’t show people like us in those commercials.  They don’t show the people whose lives have been ruined by this evil!  It’s not fair!  It’s just not fair!”  She burst into tears.Monica’s cries eventually subsided; the only sounds the can be heard when there’s no other noise in the house always come from Peter’s room; the turning of pages and the constant click and whirr of the feeding tube mechanism advancing a steady stream of mashed nutrients into the child’s abdomen.“It’s gotten to the point where he doesn’t even talk anymore.  He just gets up, plugs in another bag of mush, loads up the machine and starts another book.  I want to die.  Dear Lord, how I pray each night for death’s sweet embrace.  Why me, oh heavenly Father, why me?”Hooked on Phonics representatives were unable to explain the extreme circumstances surrounding the Hall’s plight.“They’ve been in touch with us,” said Monica.  “All they said is, they can keep sending us more books and cards and DVDs with their prayers and good wishes.  They said they were working overtime just to keep up.  I know just how they feel. Lord only knows, I know just how they feel.”Doctors & FCC Conclude WiFi Networks Cause Migraine Headaches
The ‘tin foil hat crowd’ may not be so crazy after all. Doctors at Baltimore’s Johns Hopkins School of Medicine have announced today a link between the most common high-speed Wi-Fi bandwidth frequencies and the increase of migraine headaches in people who connect wirelessly.Researchers from the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), working alongside doctors, scientists, and migraine headache specialists, announced the results of a two-year study in which test subjects, 50% of whom were predisposed to migraine headaches, were fitted with portable wireless routers and asked to visit heavily trafficked areas of several metropolitan centers.Half of the participants, or “Human Hot Spots” (HHSs), were sent to coffee shops, public parks, and other venues where Wi-Fi users congregate.  The other half were set up in more conventional Wi-Fi settings, designed to mimic average residential homes and apartments in cities and suburbs.For the public participants, tiny sensors were used to measure electrical changes in the brain and were attached to baseball caps and bandanas.  The head coverings were used to hide the brain monitoring wires so as not to draw unnecessary attention to the HHSs, thus skewing the results.“The most severe triggers occurred at trendy, neighborhood cafes, with Starbucks coffee shop locations throughout the country triggering the most severe headaches within the test group,” reported study coordinator Dr. Frank Muller of Johns Hopkins.“Some of our most sensitive subjects would report splitting headaches instantly upon entering these establishments.  The volunteers would record pain thresholds on a 1 to 10 scale, by inputting data on an iPad tablet, given to them as payment for their participation and at the completion of the research project. Starbucks and other hip locales of that nature almost always registered between a 7 and a 10 with the participants.”The data entered by the test subjects would then be compared to the corresponding electroencephalographic (EEG) data recorded by the modified headgear attached to their scalps.A control group of patients, also fitted with the same headgear, were placed in assorted settings more resembling a typical household or apartment.  These patients reported a next to normal ratio of headache/migraine instances as compared to the publicly exposed test subjects sent to cafes, coffee shops and various artisanal establishments.“The results of our findings are very new, and warrant further study,” cautioned Dr. Muller.  “I don’t think people should throw out their routers and modems just yet,” he added.  “There is some credence to the wavelength barriers that some people have used.  A lot of people who walked around with tin foil in their hats or colanders on their heads may very well have been protecting themselves from certain harmful bandwidths.”Whether a new metallic fashion trend is in the making is up for debate.  Further evaluation of the Johns Hopkins study by the American Medical Association (AMA) has begun, with the hope that relief can be offered to the 12% of the nation’s population affected by migraine headaches.‘Russianized’ Bees Trained To Attack Ukraine For Russian Military
A Russian whistleblower has spilled the beans on another planned invasion of Ukraine by Russian forces, this time aided by a specially trained and bred species of attack bees.The ‘Russianized’ bees were housed and trained in what the informant described as “anger hives,” specially constructed to keep the bees constantly agitated and ready for attack.Through a translator he said, “We interrupted the bees’ sleep and work cycles and sometimes would poke the anger hives with sticks and broom handles.  At first we were not given adequate protection to keep us from getting bee stings, and one of our workers had to be hospitalized after he accidentally tipped over one of the bee boxes.  I was stung only a few times, but my friend was stung many hundreds of times.”After the February 14 Ukrainian Revolution, Russia stepped up hardline efforts to re-establish control in the troubled region.  Special military forces annexed Crimea, an act that Russian President Vladimir Putin reluctantly admitted after many international inquiries for answers.It is unclear whether the worldwide collapse of bee populations is connected with Russian bee recruitment efforts, although the unnamed informant did provide some clues as to how the bees were obtained.“We were ordered to plant many special fields of clover and other plant and flowers that would attract the bees.  These orders came directly from President Putin.  We sprayed the plants with synthetic bee hormones to attract them, and then with smoke machines and nets we were able to calm and capture them for the hives.”As for the ‘training,’ it was explained that following the bees’ capture, the anger hives were placed in a greenhouse type structure where they were exposed to bright lights 24 hours a day, with loud ‘Ukrainian style’ music played throughout the day.  Teams of ‘box bangers’ were also recruited to agitate the bees.  The box bangers would rhythmically hit the hives with sticks at pre-determined times during the day at pre-set intervals timed to coincide with specific musical passages.  It was believed that this schedule provided a command structure for the bees, thus making them easier to attack when triggered by the replay of the musical selection.Russian authorities have denied the story.  A spokesman for the Russian military said the charges come from “the delusions of an ex-member of our forces who received what you would call a dishonorable discharge.  These absolutely ridiculous rumors came from an individual labeled a misfit.  He could not withstand the rigors and discipline of military training.”At present, it is unclear if bee recruitment and training did progress to the level explained by the informant, as no physical evidence can be found of either the fields used to attract the bees, or the anger hive structures.“That is not surprising,” said the informant.  “Why would they admit such a thing?  I saw it with my own eyes and have several bee-stings to prove what I saw is true.  Someday the world will know that I am not a crazy person and that I speak the truth,” he added.Pharmaceutical Companies Partner With Big-Tobacco, Create E-Cigarette To Treat Depression
It appears Big-Pharma has gotten into bed with Big-Tobacco, as plans emerge for a new line of prescription only, non-nicotine e-cigarettes. Instead of popping Prozac pills with their morning coffee, depression and anxiety sufferers may be able to choose an antidepressant that works like an e-cigarette.Denise Richards, of the manufacturer E-Relax, explains the benefits. “The water vapor delivery system helps satisfy oral-fixation, while delivering low doses of medicine that you can control. Stressful meeting at work? Puff some relief at your desk,” she said. “Both our companies are big supporters of the Health Care Act. Americans are unhappy, but now they’re insured!”When asked why their prescription drug company would partner with a tobacco company, she replied, “Well, they’ve been pushing legal drugs forever now. They know how to acquire a loyal lifelong customer.”A representative for Phillip-Morris, the largest manufacturer of tobacco products, said that things are taking a turn for the worse in the world of cigarettes, and that they needed to be prepared.“As a company, we have to face the fact that tobacco is going to be illegal someday. They’re legalizing weed in all these states all the time, and our lousy tobacco cigarettes can’t hold a candle to smoking a marijuana cigarette,” said Jim Rogers, cigarette lobbyist. “People are switching in droves. Obviously, our brand is dying. We can’t advertise on TV or radio anymore. Next will be magazines, I’m sure. Hell, We can’t even sell to children anymore!”“Plus, we were never able to get into the safe cigarette market, since making a ‘safe alternative’ would be admitting cigarettes were harmful,” said Peter Jacobs, a health expert working for Phillip-Morris. “We had to protect our own asses. We once tried making a nicotine-free version of a cigarette, but seriously, that’s like decaf coffee – people will still drink it, but why’s the point?”“Slinging antidepressants will allow us to break into that juicy, angsty-teen market,” explained Rogers. “Now they can look cool while taking their medicine. We eventually hope to expand the line to include ADHD medication, which we know would make us a boatload of cash with the kids.”79-year-old Myles Martin says, “I love the idea. I used to be a smoker, and I miss it sometimes. I need my depression meds, but now I can just smoke it, and relive my glory days. I hope they make it for my E.D., next. There’s nothin’ sexy about poppin’ my little blue pill in the same manner as my blood thinner, but every woman will be turned on if I’m taking puffs off an e-cig.”Tinder Bans ‘Fat Chicks’ From Dating App
A damaging internal memo leaked today details Tinder 's plans to start hiding “ugly girls” and “fat chicks” from public view. The revelation comes amid ongoing sexual harassment allegations between co-founders at the popular dating application, which since its  founding in 2012  has quickly turned into the dating app for people under 30 who are ready to mingle.n In the memo it states how Tinder employes are rating and filtering out “ugly” girls and hiding them without the users knowledge. They use the “Jager” test where if the employee would not “bang” her after drinking a full bottle of Jagermeister, a German liquor, then they go into the “barrel.” Creator of the memo CMO Justin Mateen states, “With so many woman singing up, we have the opportunity to hide the ‘ugos.’ In fact, it is necessary for the continuing success of the app.” He even defends his position when he writes, “It only affects 20% of the women. We find the other 80% acceptable for men to date. We just want to remove the bottom of the barrel girls. It’s like a frat thing but on a massive scale.” “The genius of it is that the fat girls don’t even know they are being hidden, which is ironic. So, we don’t have anything to worry about.” Women's rights groups are outraged at the findings. After initial sentiment to boycott the dating app after the sexual harassment case came to light, the leaked memo has brought on a new level of outrage towards the application. Terry O’Neill, the president of National Organization for Women, said, “We can not live in a country with this sinister culture of body shaming. “We are sisters, we are daughters, we are wives. What we are not is a picture to be judged by a few men in Los Angeles. Hasn’t Hollywood already done enough to terrorize little girls across the country?” Not all women agree with Ms. O’Neill. Gwyneth McCarthy told the LA Times, “The more attention I get on the Tinder the better I feel about myself. So I think it’s a good thing. The less competition the better. Men get tired of swiping left so just give them the girls they want to swipe right for. That’s just good business.” “I know my worth and it’s dozens of messages a day from guys with neck tattoos and sideways hats.”Amish Preacher Invents Electronically Activated, Inflatable Breast Implants
In a bizarre turn of events, a Lancaster, Pennsylvania Amish preacher has been shunned from the Amish community for inventing and performing surgery on his wife, giving her electronically activated adjustable breast implants. Bishop Samuel Zook, 45, had been secretly working on his invention for several years.“My wife Hannah had always wanted larger breasts,” Zook said during an exclusive Empire News interview yesterday afternoon. While also being the bishop of the small Amish community in which they lived, Zook was also known as ‘The Amish Doctor’ among church members throughout the state of Pennsylvania, who specialized in performing emergency operations on traumatic injuries occurred by the Amish in their various labor trades.“I knew it was wrong but I began to tinker around with the idea about ten years ago after confiscating a remote-control car from one of the Amish children at the church. I was amazed by the contraption and took it apart to see how it worked. I began applying the technology to things around the home as a joke to my wife. One thing led to another, as one might say,” said a laughing Zook.“One night my wife and I were drinking bourbon and I joked to her that maybe I could give her bigger boobs and make them inflatable using a remote control so that nobody would notice out in public. Hannah giggled and asked if I could really do it. It then became a quest of mine. I knew if word got out it would be the end of our Amish lives but it was worth it to us,” said Zook.After about ten years working on his invention, Zook finally perfected what he  now calls ‘”The Zook Boob Pump.”  He then performed the surgery on his wife successfully, and they were amazed at how wonderfully the breasts turned out. He combined a synthetic plasma, which he also invented, with an electronic device that when combined with air inflates the breasts.“Oh boy, she loves them – and I love them too! We have a lot of fun with her breasts!” said Zook. In fact, the couple were so proud of the invention that it led to their shunning from the Amish community.“I just couldn’t help myself,” said Hannah Zook, 42. “I wanted to see the look on the other men’s faces around town as they drooled over the sight of my wonderful breasts, so I began to gradually expose more and more cleavage. Eventually the secret got out because we were so proud that my husband could create something so wonderful. We didn’t care about banishment at that point, so we eventually told the truth, got shunned, and moved away,”  Said Mrs. Zook.The couple have since moved to a new home on the outskirts of Lancaster, and Samuel Zook has sold his invention to a New York doctor for what he only will say is ‘A substantial amount of money.’“We are set for life,” said Zook. “We’ll still practice our religion, we’ll still do our own thing, we just won’t do it within our old community. We’ll do it instead in this multi-million dollar home. God understands.”Breed of Flying Spider Discovered in Central America
What’s worse – a fear of spiders, or a fear of flying?  How about about a fear of flying spiders?If you suffer from a fear of either, perhaps you may want to read this story with caution.  A research team analyzing a dying breed of insect accidentally discovered what they call The tinea volanti, or for us laymen, the flying spider.“It was the scariest thing I’ve ever seen, but also the most fascinating,” said Prof. Althea Thoone, head researcher for The Smithsonian Institution’s Extinction Project. “We were in Honduras investigating the disappearance of Monarch butterflies,” explained Thoone, “when all of a sudden one of my researchers called me over to examine a spider variety she was unfamiliar with.  I climbed over to where she was.  We were on the side of a mountain.  It was truly fascinating and amazing,” she explained.The professor examined the spider and could not determine which variety of arachnid it was.  As she went in for a closer look, what happened next sent shock waves buzzing through the insect community.“It flew straight up and right into my face,” said Prof. Thoone.  “It was startling and so fascinating!  I was so shocked, I couldn’t speak.  It took off like a hummingbird, with several of its legs vibrating at such a terrific speed, that it was nearly inaudible.  Luckily, one of my colleagues was able to safely trap it in a net.”The team also recovered a nearby nest of immature flying spiders that were preserved for future study.  The ‘mother’ and ‘baby’ spiders are currently housed in a climate controlled insect lab in Washington. The full-grown arachnid measures in at almost 5 inches in length, not including the fore-stretched legs. It’s wingspan is an impressive 7 inches when fully opened for flight.Several of Thoone’s colleagues, who have studied insects and bugs for most of their adult lives, were very happy with the discovery, even if several were a little disturbed by the idea of flying spiders.“Of all the fears in the world, spiders are right up there for many people, even me, and I study creepy-crawlers for a living!” said Jennifer Charles, a colleague of Thoone’s. “I wasn’t in Honduras when they found the new species, but to be quite honest, when they brought them into the lab in Washington, I literally considered burning the entire building to the ground. They’re truly frightening, I tell you.”The new tinea volante will be entered into a catalog designated for prospective new species.  After a peer review, the spider – if it is of a unique and previously undiscovered variety – will be catalogued as a new entry into the exciting world of insects.  Until then, Prof. Thoone is enjoying life in the limelight.“All this attention – it’s fascinating!  I’ve been researching insects and other threatened life forms for over 30 years, and you don’t expect this type of thing to happen.  It’s like the holy grail of insect research.  I made the cover of Bug & Beetle Quarterly, which is pretty big doin’s in our corner of the insect world!  It was a 4-page spread.  I’m overwhelmed!”There’s talk about naming the new spider after Prof. Thoone.  “They want to name it The Altheus Thoonicus,” said the professor, with tears in her eyes.  “That would be so great, and so…fascinating,” she said.Twitter Launching New Paid Service With 200 Character Limit
Twitter [NYSE: TWTR] may have finally put an end to the jokes about getting all your thoughts down in 140 characters or less, as this morning they announced their new paid service, dubbed Twit-Pro, which allows users an additional 60 characters per ‘tweet,’ bringing the total to 200.“We are very excited to be debuting our new paid service, Twit-Pro, to the world.” Said Jack Dorsey, Chairman. “This new Twitter experience should help those micro-bloggers out there who want to say what they’re thinking and feeling, but need more than 140 characters to do it. We think it’s a huge leap forward for the Twittersphere.”Twit-Pro, which Dorsey said will be fully integrated into existing Twitter apps for all platforms, as well as the Twitter website by the beginning of next month, will allow users the ability to pay a nominal monthly fee in exchange for the extra 60 characters when tweeting. Dorsey did not say how much they would be charging, but he did say they had worked out deals with all major U.S. cell phone carriers to allow users to bill directly to their provider.Aside from just allowing for extra characters, Twit-Pro is also going to be offering the option of recording and posting videos into the user’s Twitter feed, with recording time up to 45 seconds.“We wanted to take the best experiences you find on all social media, the most popular apps and websites, and combine them. We will now be allowing users to use more characters and record short video tweets, much like Vine, and embed them directly to all your followers. The days of linking and using other services to post into your Twitter feed are coming to an end. We want everything to be handled right by our own service.”Other features announced with Twit-Pro are a song and media identifier, so you can instantly tweet the song or TV show you are watching just by letting your phone “listen” to the sounds around you, as well as a check-in feature that will let users mark down places they’ve visited with links to reviews for restaurants, movies, night clubs, or even national parks and resorts.Twit-Pro is slated to become a live feature in the next Twitter update, scheduled for July 1st on Android, July 7th on the iPhone, and July 13th for Windows OS.Teen Dehydrates After Mistakenly Taking Bath With Salts
14-year-old Jeremy Dalton was admitted to the Cassia Regional Medical center in Burley last week suffering from extreme dehydration.  What makes this ordinary sounding event extraordinary is the way in which he became dehydrated.“He wanted to be ‘cool’ like all the kids who were doing bath salts,” said Jeremy’s mother Myra, 32.  “He put a bag of rock salt in the tub and then took a bath. I guess he thought that’s what you were supposed to do. I walked in and found him shriveled up and crying.”Synthetic drugs, including “bath salts,” are an increasingly growing problem, especially in rural areas around the country.  “Bath Salts” are actually man-made chemicals similar to amphetamines, and are taken either nasally or orally.  They are not connected in any way to regular mineral salts, which are dissolved in bath water and used for relaxation.Last year, the state of Idaho released a parents’ guide focusing on the abuse of synthetic drugs, published after state and county health officials noticed a spike in bath salt related emergencies and overdoses.Drug abuse and addiction specialist Dr. Phyllis Bromley remarked, “Every so often, a new drug craze is introduced and word spreads quickly now with social networks.  We try to keep one step ahead of the drug peddlers but at this point, we can only hope to keep up with them after a number of young people are hurt, or in some cases, killed.”“I didn’t see that parents’ guide,” said Myra, “but I did tell him not to copy what the other kids were doing.  I blame peer pressure for making him do it.  We all did some stupid things when we were kids, like the 2 years I took up smoking to look cool, or the time I had an orgy with that biker gang, but I never did anything like this. Never drugs. The reason why I wanted to get the word out even though my son is only 14, is to let other parents know that it can happen to them, even if they think it won’t.”When asked if he would experiment with drugs in the future, Jeremy, through parched lips, mumbled “Never again.”Jeremy shows no signs of permanent damage, and is expected to make a full recovery after a day or two of observation and intravenous rehydration therapy.FDA Recalls Imported Honey Made From High Fructose Corn Syrup and Epoxy
The Food and Drug Administration issued an immediate recall for a large shipment of honey imported from Mainland China that claims to contain ’100% pure, delicious and natural honey,’ but is actually a mixture of high fructose corn syrup, petroleum-based solvents, resin, and artificial coloring and flavorings.Marketed under the brand Tasty Swarm Honey, the product is said to cause immediate stomach distress and discomfort, with several people who’ve sampled the product saying they instantly felt sick. At least one person was hospitalized with food poisoning after consuming the honey.Adding sweeteners to honey is an FDA-approved manufacturing process. Any honey product that is not labeled ’100% Pure’ is allowed to contain additives, sweeteners, and extenders.  Due to questions concerning possible adverse health effects, high fructose corn syrup, or HFCS, has come under increased scrutiny and examination over the years.  Derived from converted cornstarch and cheaper to produce than refined sugar, it has dominated the worldwide sweetener market in recent years.“With this particular product, it’s not a question of the quantity or quality of the artificial ingredients that were added,” said FDA Quality Control Officer Barbara Temple, “because the entire composition is artificial.  There’s absolutely no nutritional value whatsoever. Consuming this product could result in severe illness. In fact, there’s no way anyone could have possibly eaten this without having gotten violently ill. You’d be better off literally eating granulated sugar straight out of the bag by the spoon full.”A routine FDA inquiry examining purity and quality standards of imported food items prompted an investigation and detailed analysis into the manufacturer’s products and practices.“Recently,” said Temple, “we were informed that the Tasty Swarm company also manufactures epoxy, bathroom grout, industrial lubricants, glue, nail polish remover, and fabric softener, so our inspections were significantly stepped up after that discovery.  We actually used their honey to repair a broken ceramic tile in our company bathroom, and it’s holding on strong. I wouldn’t advise eating it, or adding it to your morning tea.”“Curiously, the company also manufactures cheese and canned soup,” continued Temple. “When we tested those products for contaminants, they were found to be top-notch – and completely delicious. It’s just this honey that they’re really getting wrong. It’s a sticky mess for Tasty Swarm, that’s for sure.”“I ate most of the jar before I really started feeling sick,” said Joe Goldsmith, who was hospitalized with symptoms of food poisoning after eating Tasty Swarm. “I like to take honey and just pour it into a glass and sort of slurp it down with a straw. I got the honey at a local closeout discount store, but it was still in date, so I figured it would be okay. Actually, now that I think about it, the date said it didn’t expire until sometime in 2035.”Retail store chains recalling the product from shelves include Albertson’s, Big M, Food City, and Publix. Tasty Swarm could not be reached for further comment, but a statement from a company representative said they would be “really surprised” if there were any problems with the honey, and that even Winnie The Pooh himself would be ecstatic to get stuck in a jar of their product.NASA to Scrap Venus Trip, Using Funds to Study Bruce Jenner
NASA officials have made the unprecedented announcement regarding the transition a large sum of funds from space exploration to a more terrestrial endeavor. In a recent press release, the plan was made clear. “We have decided to move funds from space exploration to study Bruce Jenner.”Officials at the National Aeronautics and Space Association stated that the move was decided after a series of groundbreaking feats went relatively unnoticed by the US public. According to officials, NASA must remain more mindful of its popularity to retain funding. Thus, drastic steps must be made to stay in the limelight.“We simply have to stay relevant to today’s society. In order to do so, we have to be aware of what is popular – what fascinates people,” said Mission Director J.D. Harrington. “What fascinates people right now is Bruce Jenner.”Jenner recently made waves regarding his interest in transforming into a woman. NASA officials made it clear that their funding the exploration of the former Olympic star were not an unfocused mocking, but instead a true scientific endeavor.“This isn’t a cheap ploy at all. Nor is it an attempt to demean the transgender community,”Harrington explained firmly. “The fact is, plenty of people are interested in this. Many are unaware of the transgender process or how it works. In a lot of ways it is more mysterious than space, and NASA has the funds to study this situation and process.”When asked about the recent finding of Ceres, a dwarf planet in the solar system, as well as the landing on the Rosetta Comet, Harrington was once again frank.“Sure, we found a new planet-sized object in the asteroid belt. And yes, we landed a machine on a [expletive] asteroid. But no big deal. It’s clear the two most talked about spherical objects in our solar system are on Jenner’s chest. So I guess we’ll just need to study those. Why not cover something that costs less money and seems to interest people?”NASA has scrapped an upcoming mission to Venus in order to send a probe to orbit Jenner for six weeks. The shuttle is set to launch early next month, weather permitting.Experts Say Smartphones Causing Dramatic Increase In Permanent Blindness Among Americans
Dr. Henry Lee Sen-Su, a researcher and doctor in the field of ophthalmology, is one of the leading experts on blindness in the world. Sen-Su and says that people are killing their eyesight, and within the next fifteen to twenty years, nearly thirty percent of Americans will be inflicted with some degree of permanent blindness.“The average American smartphone owner checks their phone over 150 time in one day. While some do not spend much time on theirs, many look at their smartphones up to one thousand times in a day, an alarming and extremely dangerous routine,” Dr. Sen-Su said. “This, in my opinion, is just as much of a problem as the obesity epidemic here. It is my educated and guaranteed expert opinion that in the next fifteen to twenty years, over one-quarter of the nations adults, age 40 and older, will become legally blind. All because they can’t resist checking their news feed or checking for whatever bizarre news topics or celebrity is trending. Something must be done, and it needs to be done quickly.”According to Dr. Sen-Su, the screens that make up our smartphones, whether it be iPhones or a Samsung Galaxy, are becoming “too good,” causing a mild retina burn whenever you look at them. “Thank God that the teeny-tiny phone trend is dying,” said Sen-Su. “The larger phones coming back means slightly less eye strain, which was only compounding the problem.”Maxwell Picholucini, a spokesperson for NABA, the National Association of Blindness Awareness, says that the organization has set up an agenda to promote the act of personal and vocal interaction to substitute for text messaging.“The facts are in, and the research has proven that our phones are causing harm to our eyesight. People need to not rely on texting so much, and start making calls and actually talking to each other on their phones. Burning your retinas with your smart phone is not very smart,” Picholucini said. “We at NABA are promoting a slow-down in technology, and are also looking at even going back to older pieces, such as fax machines and rotary phones. Saving people from going blind is our top priority.” Death Row Inmate’s Request Granted For ‘Progressive Dinner’ Last Meal
Florida Governor Rick Scott quietly approved death row inmate Del Berkley’s wish to attend a progressive dinner as per his last meal request.Berkley, convicted of homicide and armed robbery in 2008, made the request earlier this month to reportedly “spice things up” from his usual drab prison meal routine before his scheduled execution.The progressive dinner was held last week in a neighborhood not far from the Putnam County Sheriff’s Office House of Corrections.  A review of the meal, written by Berkley, was published in the prison’s newsletter under the column “Bars and Spoons.”“Overall it was good,” wrote Berkley.  We started with a light course of appetizers at the “X” family’s neat suburban home.  Nice big windows.  Easy access.  No guard dog.”To be honest,” Berkley wrote, “this first course of mini entrées kind of suffered — I couldn’t choke down that tiny puffed tuna casserole.  ‘And you thought my stare was cold and icy!’ I said to the hostess.  ‘I’m never coming back here again!’  On the upside, I was allowed a glass of wine, which sure beats the crap out of the stuff I usually make in my toilet, that’s for damn sure!  I really appreciated that.”After a head count, the meal progressed to destination number two.The “Y” family decided to make me feel ‘at home,’ so they went with a prison-themed dinner for the main course,” wrote Berkley.  “They wore striped shirts and had these little plastic chains around their ankles which ticked me off a little at first, but I took it all in stride.  After all, I didn’t want to come off as some kind of death row ingrate,” he said.“The tin cups were funny and I gotta admit, the Y’s were very original with the dishes.  We started with a towering Big House salad, then we had the Pork Shank Redemption, and to finish me off, I enjoyed a cup of Midnight Espresso.  To call this meal a guilty pleasure would only be a half-truth,” he added.The next part of the meal was the dessert course.  “I wondered if I could force it all down after all that food!  I was so full, I thought I was gonna die!  Talk about ‘dead man walking’ – I practically had to be carried out to the van!  After thanking my hosts, I was transported to my final destination.”Unbelievably, the dessert was ‘Death By Chocolate Cake.’ “It was a complete coincidence,” said Berkley.  “Mrs. ‘Z’ told me that she had planned her menu far in advance of my visit to her ADT Alarm protected ranch style home with the sliding glass doors adjacent to the attached garage which leads to the laundry room,” he said.After the meal, when Berkley was transported back to the correctional facility, more good news awaited him.  Due to the national shortage of lethal chemicals used in the humane execution process, his scheduled execution was indefinitely delayed.“Is this an execution or a hunger strike?” asked Stefanie Fales, heartbroken widow of Martin Fales, Berkley’s homicide victim.  “I’m calling my Congressman and the Governor!” she said.“I can’t believe it,” said Berkley upon hearing the news.  “I’m sitting here full as a tick, happy as a clam.  True, it’s going to be an awful comedown once that plastic tray comes sliding through that slot tomorrow morning with those powdered eggs, but, … you can’t have everything!”Kanye West’s DNA Used To Clone and Breed Guinea Pigs
The proposed business merger between Kayne West and biotechnology company PPL Therapeutics came to a grinding halt Tuesday, when the first of a brood of cloned guinea pigs were found to have a nearly 90% mortality rate. Of the original 86 live births from a synthetic womb, a full 77 were found to possibly be suicidal.While initially confused by the trend, science has found an explanation to the phenomenon, although a confusing and disturbing one.The facility where the cloned animals were to be housed had been equipped with watering systems made of hypoallergenic, germ and virus resistant and highly reflective polished steel cages. According to lab personnel, the guinea pigs were found in groups of three or four a day, drowned in the watering troughs they shared. At first, lab management states, they were confused. Further investigation using low-light cameras revealed that the animals were, in fact, voluntarily placing their heads in the trough and staying underwater, apparently only surviving if they passed out and fell over before brain death set in.Several attempts to alter the water with mood suppressants had failed, and the facility was beginning to lose hope on solving this puzzle. Finally, in an act of mercy, one employee removed one of the suicidal animals, which is strictly against lab policy. Planning to give it a happy home in it’s final days, the nameless employee placed it in an unused fish tank. Providing it with a plastic bowl of water and some fresh hay daily, the employee was amazed to find that the guinea pig was dry and alert every morning, in contrast to the wet and stunned symptoms they had all displayed daily. Upon alerting facility staff to the find, experimentation started and quickly found the source of the lemming-like behavior.“We were able to narrow the issue down to one of housing,” stated a lab PR agent. “In the facility’s case, we have water troughs with highly reflective surfaces on the bottom, which allow the rodents to gaze at their own reflection. They were failing to come up for air and had shown an alarming tendency towards self-destruction. Upon covering the trough bottoms with non-reflective surfaces, the remaining specimens lost all interest in death, and enjoyed their nice hay and snuggles.”“We know now that playing God with Kayne West’s genetic material may have been too bold a step for us. There are powerful drives in his genes, chief amongst which is the desire to stare at one’s reflection to the point of ignoring all pain and disorientation.”The research company has refused to issue comment on the proposed cross of a lobster with Lindsey Lohan to create a lifeform prone to voluntarily throwing itself into a pot of boiling water.87% Of Population Fear Having Feet Grabbed By Boogeyman If Left Uncovered During Sleep
The National Association of Sleep Comfort and Coziness (NASCC),  a scientific sleep and comfort research program based at the University of Connecticut, released scientific findings accumulated by a clinical study earlier this week showing that 87% of Americans fear having their bare, uncovered feet snatched by the mythical creature known as ‘The Boogeyman’.Dr. Jason Harper, who leads all studies conducted by the NASCC explained the details of the month-long clinical trial in an interview with Empire News yesterday morning.“For this study we compiled five-hundred participants, five males and five females from all fifty U.S. states. The trial, which was conducted over a period of thirty days, showed that the overwhelming majority of test subjects could not get a good, sufficient night of sleep if their feet were left uncovered, no matter the temperature,” Dr. Harper said. “Upon further analysis, it was ultimately discovered that 87% of the test subjects had the subconscious, and overwhelming feeling that some mysterious being, aka ‘The Boogeyman’, would come along and grab their uncovered feet as they tried to coax themselves into falling asleep.”Mark Grammar, of Louisville, Kentucky, who was a participant in the study, told Empire News that he did not consciously believe in ‘The Boogeyman’ before the thirty-day trial, but has had an overpowering sense of fear when trying to sleep at night with his feet uncovered all his life.“It sounds crazy I know,” Grammar said. “I just can’t fall asleep at night with my bare feet left uncovered because I expect some person or creature to come along and grab them. I would never have believed it, but the study showed that it is indeed a powerful manifestation of my subconscious mind, and that is why most people feel so vulnerable about leaving their bare feet uncovered at night.”Dr. Harper revealed that 56% of test subjects were females who have a fear of the foot-snatching creeper, leaving 31% males who fear the intimidating, sleep depriving, podiatrist-aspiring beast.Tanya Brown, of San Diego, California, one of the fearless 13%, said that she laughed all the way through the experiment. “It was such a hoot! Most everyone would be so tired everyday because they couldn’t sleep because they were afraid of the Boogeyman! I mean really? The struggle is indeed real! The Boogeyman gonna getcha!” Brown said as she laughed out loud.